,subreddit,selftext,title
0,nfl,,The true reason we're all excited for TNF
1,nfl,"Longest active streaks not above .500 in NFL 

1. Falcons (December 31st, 2017)
2. Lions (September 29th, 2019) 
3. Texans (September 12th, 2021)
4. Panthers (October 10th, 2021)",Interesting statistic
2,nfl,,"[RapSheet] Sources: #Jets WR Elijah Moore, frustrated with his role and usage, has asked for a trade. The team has no plans at all to trade him. The former second rounder was targeted once in the win over the #Packers, but the play was negated by a penalty."
3,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Sources: #Jets WR Elijah Moore, frustrated with his role and usage, has asked for a trade. The team has no plans at all to trade him. The former second rounder was targeted once in the win over the #Packers, but the play was negated by a penalty."
4,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Sources: #Jets WR Elijah Moore, frustrated with his role and usage, has asked for a trade. The team has no plans at all to trade him. The former second rounder was targeted once in the win over the #Packers, but the play was negated by a penalty."
5,nfl,"After six weeks of playing, those players have the least INT%:  
Tom Brady (0.4%, 1 INT)  
Gino Smith (1.1%, 2 INT )  
Jalen Hurts (1.1%, 2 INT)  
Justin Herbert (1.2%, 3 INT )  
D. Jones (1.3%, 2 INT)  


While Brady and Herbert were probably on some lists, I think a few of those names weren't expected before the season.  
Bonus: 5 players with the highest INT %  (Stafford, Jackson, Mariota, Ryan, Tagovailoa)",Least INT% after 6 weeks of playing: 1. T. Brady | 2. G. Smith | 3. J. Hurts | 4. J. Herbert | 5. D. Jones
6,nfl,GO TEAM BEAT OTHER TEAM,(WEEK 7) TRASH TALK THREAD
7,nfl,,"#Saints have activated CB Alontae Taylor from IR, elevated practice squad CB Chris Harris Jr. &amp; WR Kevin White to the active roster, and terminated the contact of WR Keith Kirkwood."
8,nfl,,[Rich Eisen Show] About That New Ill-Timed Russell Wilson Sandwich Commercial…
9,nfl,,"[Schultz] Both Dak AND Schultz full participants, as well as Peters. Neville Gallimore as well. Cowboys getting healthier."
10,nfl,,[Highlight] Josh Allen's Top Plays At The Bye
11,nfl,,[FF Newsletter] Russell Wilson has seven more bathrooms in his house(12) than touchdown passes through 6 games(5)
12,nfl,,INTERCEPT KYLER
13,nfl,[removed],Just finished this season on Madden…
14,nfl,And when did the NFL move away from this?,What happened to the first letter of the players who share a surname?
15,nfl,,This week's matchups have to be the worst set of prime time games in NFL history
16,nfl,,"[Trotter] @Raiders remain upbeat despite 1-4 start. Strong belief things are going to turn. Spoke to TE Darren Waller, who left previous game w/ hamstring injury. He did not practice today, but said of injury: “This weekend will probably be tough for me, but it won’t be a longtime thing.”"
17,nfl,,[Around The NFL] Top 10 Cornerbacks Through Week 6 As Per NextGenStats
18,nfl,,"Atop AFC South, Titans have rare chance to sweep Colts again"
19,nfl,,[Zac Stevens] This is wild: Justin Outten and some of the Broncos coaches have slept in the facility the past three weeks. They’ve fully committed to grinding to get the team back on track.
20,nfl,,Frustrated Jets WR Moore excused from practice
21,nfl,,"[Yates] Colts RB Jonathan Taylor was a full participant in practice today, putting him on track to return Sunday against the Titans."
22,nfl,,"[Slater] #Cowboys QB Dak Prescott asked if he is starting Sunday “I am” says he won’t wear a brace. Might wear KT tape, might not but no limitations on grip, etc"
23,nfl,"I get it, the situation is pretty bizarre. Somehow Denver lost that trade - brutally, and Russ went from top tier to one of the worst current starters… but as a neutral Jets fan, I seem to notice some genuine dislike for Russ not just as a player, but as a person. So can someone explain what it is that he did that made him such an irresistible target for humiliating memes and hate?",Why do people hate Russ so much??
24,nfl,,[Werder] I’ve been told that Matt Prater might kick pregame for the first time since hip injury. But the expectation remains that recently signed Rodrigo Blankenship will be #Cardinals kicker tonight. He made 45 of 53 field goals in his career in two seasons and one game with the Colts.
25,nfl,,F24 is down for meetup 🍆🍑
26,nfl,"
**HELLO BIRD PEOPLE, UNGULATES, HUMANOIDS, CATBROS, AND EVIL LEAGUE OF EVILERS. IT IS TIME TO BOLDLY AND INCORRECTLY PREDICT A BUNCH OF SHIT THAT DOESN'T MATTER IN GAMES THAT ~~DON'T ACTUALLY MATTER~~ DO ACTUALLY MATTER A WHOLE LOT**

For those of you who do not know, this is a competition in which your picks are tallied at the end of the season (by you) and the winner gets:

🔥🔥ABSOLUTELY GODDAMN NOTHING 🔥🔥

As with any competition, there are rules. If you break these rules, you'll be disqualified not just from this week, but the entire contest, so pay attention.

You must be an active member of r/nfl.

Do not edit your comments after kickoff of the TNF game.

Respect reddiquette. Do not downvote someone's predictions because they picked against your team.

**PREDICTING INJURIES IS AN AUTOMATIC BAN FROM THE COMPETITION.**

In addition to these rules, I strongly suggest you steer clear from Homer predictions. Your brain picks better than your heart!",THE OFFICIAL WEEK SEVEN BOLD PREDICTIONS THREAD
27,nfl,,[Keim] Jahan Dotson said he did tweak/re-aggravate his left hamstring. Says just needs a little rest and see where it goes. Said he’ll be fine.
28,nfl,,[Balko] The #Dolphins are expected to trade TE Mike Gesicki by the NFL Trade Deadline.
29,nfl,,[Breer] Some owners fear MJW report might not be enough to force Snyder out
30,nfl,,"[CBS Sports] Lowest PPG this season: Broncos 15.2, Bears 15.5, Steelers 16.2"
31,nfl,,BIG GAME FRANK WELCOMING GIFT
32,nfl,,[Highlight] 20 years ago today Shannon Sharpe set the receiving record for a TIght end in a game (214). Records still stands
33,nfl,,[Hensley] Ravens TE Mark Andrews (knee) and RB J.K. Dobbins missed their second straight practices
34,nfl,,The 49ers’ decade-long injury woes defy explanation
35,nfl,,[Beck] - Jason Kelce said “you know what’s coming” and proceeded to move the chains. What a savage.
36,nfl,,[Highlight] AB almost comes up with the game winner against the Dolphins.
37,nfl,,"[Tampa Bay Buccaneers] ""No retirement in my future."" 😁 🗣: @TomBrady"
38,nfl,,Russell Wilson's 'Dangerwich' Removed From Subway Menu Amid Memes/Jokes
39,nfl,,Aaron Rodgers thinks Packers should 'simplify' struggling offense. Is he right?
40,nfl,,"[Meirov] Bucs QB Tom Brady on some people speculating that he won't finish out the season: ""I love the sport. I love the teammates. I want to do a great job with this team like I always have. So, no retirement in my future."""
41,nfl,,[Trotter] The Ravens offense ranks No. 1 in both run block win rate (75.5%) and yards BEFORE contact on designed runs per carry (4.35)... The #Browns defense is giving up the most yards before contact on designed runs per carry (3.37) @ESPNStatsInfo
42,nfl,,[Stevens] Nathaniel Hackett: “We want to be sure we get Melvin going” but adds he wants to get Latavius Murray and Mike Boone involved too.
43,nfl,,Tom Brady says he is not retiring
44,nfl,,"Brady, Bucs look to continue dominance against Panthers"
45,nfl,,"[Greg Auman] “No retirement in my future,” Tom Brady says, asked about CSimmsQB wondering if he might walk away during this season."
46,nfl,,[Palmer] Russell Wilson (hamstring) will be limited again today in practice. Threw the ball well yesterday per Hackett.
47,nfl,,"[Hopkins] DeAndre Hopkins posted his own hype video today for his ""Don't call it a comeback. Comeback Tour."" Today is his first game back after a 6 week suspension for PED violation."
48,nfl,"You'll of course see an opinion host from time to time make fun of a player, but I've started seeing the official accounts and pure reporters of some of the major broadcasters start to poke fun at Russell Wilson in a way I really don't remember recently seeing for another player. Wondering what other players, if any, have had a similar treatment with the media piling on with fans 

Maybe ""butt fumble"" Mark Sanchez, Manti T'eo",Other players who the media started making fun of?
49,nfl,,"[Kleiman] Russell Wilson's pre-game speech via Mic'd Up. ""Bring the energy, bring the energy, bring the energy, bring the energy."""
50,nfl,,"[Stapleton] Jaguars coach Doug Pederson: ""I tell you this, you don't go to sleep on Daniel Jones.“"
51,nfl,,"[Zak Keefer] Jonathan Taylor, Shaq Leonard and Nyheim Hines all practicing for a second straight day. Grover Stewart is not practicing."
52,nfl,,[538] NFL Offense Is Dead — But It’s Unlikely Two-High Coverage Is The Guilty Party
53,nfl,,DeAndre Hopkins’ hype video ahead of Thursday Night Football features Snoop Dogg and Dez Bryant.
54,nfl,,Deandre Hopkins hype video ahead of Thursday night football features Snoop Dogg and Dez Bryant
55,nfl,,Deandre Hopkins Hype Vid
56,nfl,,[Meirov] Former Washington TE Chris Cooley is one of ten legends being added to the team’s ’90 greatest’ list at Sunday’s game vs Green Bay. Cooley said on the @SheehanPodcast that he won’t attend because “at this point I don’t have a lot of desire to be involved with the Commanders.”
57,nfl,,Deandre Hopkins “DON’T CALL IT A COMEBACK” hype video
58,nfl,"https://www.espn.com/nfl/fpi

FPI has the Raiders favored in 10 of their final 12 games, falling only at the Jacksonville Jaguars (who are only favored by 0.3 points) in Week 9 and in the season finale to the Chiefs at home


*The Football Power Index (FPI) is a measure of team strength that is meant to be the best predictor of a team’s performance going forward for the rest of the season. FPI represents how many points above or below average a team is. Projected results are based on 10,000 simulations of the rest of the season using FPI, results to date, and the remaining schedule.*",ESPN FPI currently has the 1-4 Raiders ranked as the 8th best team
59,nfl,"1. Eagles
2. Bills
3. Chiefs
4. Vikings
5. Giants
6. Jets
7. Cowboys
8. Chargers
9. Ravens
10. Bengals","Top 10 Power Rankings (My List) I don’t agree with the official ones so here’s mine, what do y’all think?"
60,nfl,"https://www.espn.com/nfl/fpi

ESPN FPI has the Raiders favored in 10 of their final 12 games, falling only at the Jacksonville Jaguars (who are only favored by 0.3 points) in Week 9 and in the season finale to the Chiefs at home.",ESPN’s FPI has the 1-4 ranked as the 8th best team in the NFL
61,nfl,,[Gantt] Baker Mayfield just walked into practice carrying a helmet. That’s different. He clearly wants to get back ASAP. Steve Wilks has already said PJ Walker would start this week.
62,nfl,"Tony Dungy coached 7 years for the Colts. He made the playoffs every season, finished with a .759 win rate, and won the SB

Jon Gruden coached 7 years for the Bucs. He had 4 winning seasons and won the SB in his first year with the team (with Brad Johnson at QB)

John Fox coached 9 years for the Panthers. He had 5 seasons with 8+ wins and won the NFC in his 2nd year there (with Jake Delhomme at QB)

Marty Schottenheimer coached 5 years for the Chargers. He had 4 seasons with 8+ wins, including a 14-win season that got him fired.

Bill Callahan coached for 2 years for the Raiders. In his first year, the team won 11 games and reached the Superbowl.

Dom Capers was also hired that year to coach the expansion Texans. He did not replace a fired HC. He coached 4 years with a record of 18-46.",There is no HC class better than 2002. 5 head coaches replaced fired/traded ones. Those 5 men won 8+ games in 72% of their collective seasons with their teams. They also tallied 2 total SB wins and 2 more SB appearances.
63,nfl,,Baker Mayfield just walked into practice carrying a helmet. That’s different. He clearly wants to get back ASAP. Steve Wilks has already said PJ Walker would start this week.
64,nfl,,[Raanan] Wink Martindale on Dexter Lawrence playing so many snaps past few weeks: “If you have a Rolls-Royce wouldn’t you want to drive it everywhere?”
65,nfl,Is it just me or does/did kay adams seem so full of herself like she thought she was an A list celebrity or something? She always rubbed me the wrong way on good morning football I can’t be the only one who feels this way? Jamie is a breath of fresh air no question she’s amazing.,Is it just me or does/did kay adams seem so full of herself like she thought she was an A list celebrity or something? She always rubbed me the wrong way on good morning football I can’t be the only one who feels this way? Jamie is a breath of fresh air no question she’s amazing.
66,nfl,,[Staley] Jets RB Breece Hall has been named the NFL's Pepsi Zero Sugar Rookie of the Week after his 116 yards and a touchdown performance against the Packers.
67,nfl,,Raffle-winning check bounces for Commanders fan after waiting weeks
68,nfl,,[Ruiz] Statistical comps to josh allen's first two years have overtaken rookie year peyton manning as the preeminent form of young QB cope.
69,nfl,Is it just me or does/did kay adams seem so full of herself like she thought she was an A list celebrity or something? She always rubbed me the wrong way on good morning football I can’t be the only one who feels this way? Jamie is a breath of fresh air no question she’s amazing.,Is it just me or does/did kay adams seem so full of herself like she thought she was an A list celebrity or something? She always rubbed me the wrong way on good morning football I can’t be the only one who feels this way? Jamie is a breath of fresh air no question she’s amazing.
70,nfl,,"[Werder] Cardinals HC Kliff Kingsbury remains the Arizona play-caller tonight with the debut of DeAndre Hopkins, plus newly-acquired WR Robbie Anderson having small role. Kingsbury to me: “We know we have the ability to be good, we just haven’t put one together yet.’’"
71,nfl,"Just curious because the Titans are one of those teams that needs help BAD at OL, but I can’t imagine any team willingly trade away a good offensive lineman.","For the right price, is there a starting OL on your team that could be traded away?"
72,nfl,Pretty weird that a reporter would use an unreliable source as a basis for a story.,Sports Journalism in 2022
73,nfl,,[TMZ]: Deshaun Watson found himself in trouble in Ohio just months after he was traded to the Browns ... TMZ Sports has learned he was busted for going 97 MPH in a 70 MPH zone in June.
74,nfl,,"[Klis] Per sources, Brett Rypien took most of walkthrough reps yesterday. Doesn’t mean Russell Wilson (hamstring) won’t start Sunday vs Jets. Would mean they’re getting Rypien ready in case Wilson can’t go. Rypien has one NFL start — vs. Jets, a win, in 2020."
75,nfl,"&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img jeyht9nf4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

Join me in my deep-dive into the six biggest games from this past weekend. All teams involved in these matchups are now .500 or better, including some risers and what were labelled as championship contenders heading into the season, now at somewhat of a crossroads a month-and-a-half into the year.  


&amp;#x200B;

## San Francisco 49ers (3-3) @ Atlanta Falcons (3-3):

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img flqw1rmi4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

### 49ers O vs. Falcons D:

Let me just start this way – the Falcons deservedly won this game and I think they would have done so either way, but things could have looked very different from the start. On the initial third down of the  day for San Francisco’s offense, Jimmy G was gun-shy when he could’ve hit George Kittle for a 66-yard touchdown most likely, as they showed a  simple spacing concept out of a bunch set and I’m not totally sure if Kittle just decided to take it vertical because of something they had discussed in team meetings or if this was by design and he just got up  with the safety having outside leverage, but he ended up just throwing  that guy off himself and the deep middle safety is working his way up. So if Jimmy just steps up with plenty of green grass right in front of  him and puts it out in front, the score is 7-7. I had to smirk when I  first saw him consciously try to push the ball vertically outside the numbers when Garoppolo was first inserted for the injured Trey Lance,  but he simply puts a lid on this passing attack and makes everything feel more condensed, relying so heavily on those play-makers to create yards after the catch.

And don’t get me wrong, that’s not a bad formula, looking at the guys  they have there, but it makes things so much easier for a defense, when  they are allowed to constantly play with their eyes in the backfield and working up rather than gaining depth. You look at how aggressively Atlanta was shooting through gaps and flowing to the football, you start  to understand how they held the Niners to a season-low 50 yards on the  ground on 16 attempts. Yet, that’s when they need to be able to rely  upon Jimmy to take advantage of the space that provides his receivers to work with. Brandon Aiyuk finally had his breakout game, hauling in  eight passes for 83 and their two touchdowns. Kyle Shanahan needs to continue to utilize him as heavily, considering what he can do on designed touches, but also leaving an All-Pro corner in A.J. Terrell behind in the dust on whip routes.

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing video 1lndv1uk4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

Like I just said, the Falcons D played with a ton of energy and  clearly were instructed by DC Dean Pees to attack downhill as soon as they saw the O-line step forward, as well as meet pullers as early as  possible and not even allow those extra gaps to develop in the first place. When not getting called for phantom roughing the passer penalties, Grady Jarrett has been an absolute monster for this Falcons  defense, making a couple of disruptive plays every week. Something that I  hated early on in his career, when I felt like that Dan Quinn coaching staff misplaced him, due to not having anybody else to play that spot,  was lining him up a lot as the 1-technique, but it made a lot of sense  in this matchup. From there, he was able to create penetration right up the A-gap and then did a great job either riding first-year center Jake Brendel down the line on the backside or working over the top late, as  the ball-carrier approached, to hold him up.

Atlanta played a ton of single-high coverages, daring the 49ers to attack them on the perimeter, while blowing up several screen passes on the day. You like the growth these young guys are continuing to show, like Arnold Ebiketie flashing off the edge a couple of times, Troy Andersen’s speed on that second level, how those two safeties operate together. It’s a continuous process, but this was certainly encouraging going up against a very creative offensive scheme, looking at the coaching clues and ability to execute by the individual players.

&amp;#x200B;

### Falcons O vs. 49ers D:

Here’s a stat I just loved from the Falcons offense on Sunday – they used each 11, 12, 13, 21 and 22 personnel on over 10% of snaps.  They do so much window-dressing and they’re able to be very diverse regardless of personnel on the field, where they can dictate the  defensive package they’ll be facing or adjust depending on how opponents try to match them, because they can use guys like Kyle Pitts – who finally scored his first touchdown as an NFL player in the US – out wide as a legit X receiver or put him in-line and force a sub-200 pound  nickelback to fill the C-gap. Atlanta stays true to their identity, no matter who they have toting the rock. They had two rookies – fifth-round pick Tyler Allgeier and undrafted free agent Caleb Huntley – carried  the ball 15 and 16 times respectively. All those guys they have back there, especially once they get back Cordarelle Patterson, run so hard  and gain yards through contact. They’re now number three behind only the Browns and Bears with 165.2 rushing yards per game and they’ve only  failed to reach 150 once (Rams – 90).

That O-line has really impressed me with their ability to create movement laterally on wide zone schemes and their burst to secure linebackers off combos. Somebody like right tackle Kaleb McGary has gone from fringe starter to somebody they can utilize as a key piece, like they did a couple of times kicking out the corner on crack toss plays. They were able to create some favorable looks off play-action and when they did actually drop back, Arthur Smith did a great job of clearing  out the picture with motions and horizontal stretches, along with giving Mariota a back-side alert, where he can hit Drake London on back-shoulder fades, which are borderline indefensible. They also got a  couple of easy conversions with Olamide Zaccheus out in the flats, with Kyle Pitts picking for him. Plus, then off course his legs can be a big  factor, as he kept three times and was able to get around the corner – once for the touchdown to go up 21-14 just before halftime – and had a huge scramble right up the middle to convert a third-and-12.

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing video zzoz5ehm4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

There’s really not that much to say about the 49ers defense. A couple of times early in the game, they were able to crush the pocket and take down Mariota, but they’re just banged up and were tired, with their  opponents running the ball 40 times on the day. I’m not overly concerned about anything I saw, in terms of getting blown off the ball or guys  behind the line moving themselves out of position. They did hold the Falcons to 4.2 yards per carry and below 3.5 if you take out Mariota, and it’s not like they’ll need to match full house sets with two  full-backs really in any other games this season, where we saw the Niners needing to bring out what usually are substitute players at linebacker and safety to match those. So really, Atlanta made them put guys on the field they didn’t want, because if they didn’t, that would leave sub-200 pound guys having to set the edge and things like that.

Charvarius Ward getting banged up in the first half, along with just  having lost Emmanuel Moseley for the rest of the year, forced them to put a lot of young guys on the field, when they really needed to use  their other resources to stop the run and put those guys in tough matchups. And not having Jimmie Ward right now if somebody that they  felt as well, just considering how comfortable DC DeMeco Ryans has been  with letting that other safety attack forward and how tremendous Talanoa  Hufanga has been playing with that mind-set to trigger as soon as his eyes tell him to. One of San Francisco’s two sacks was for zero yards  and then on just two of the other 54 plays they were able to create  negative yardage. Going against an offense, that is constantly ahead or at least on schedule is very hard for a defense, that wants to run a bunch of games up front and really attack upfield. Not having their best guy at setting the edge and simultaneously at turning the corner in passing situations with Nick Bosa wasn’t helpful in that regard either.

&amp;#x200B;

### Closing thoughts:

Like I mentioned, the Niners are certainly a very banged-up team, but  put some respect on Arthur Smith being able to put 21 points on them in the first half and then close out the game in the second, with one more  touchdown and a relentless run game. Marcus Mariota had an ultra-efficient day, completing 13 of 14 pass attempts for 129 yards and  two TDs, along with another 50 yards and a score on six carries. He didn’t throw the ball more than 20 times in any of Atlanta’s three wins. At a time where the NFL goes to all these three-wide receiver sets and  two-high shells defensively, they are going the exact opposite way and punishing teams for giving them favorable looks to run against. The  defense is pressuring the passer on a league-low 12.2% of dropbacks and only the Titans have recorded fewer tackles for loss (19), but Dean Pees has a great feel for when and how to change up the picture, while having everybody pursue the ball with relentless effort. I just can’t  get over how good that coaching staff has been at understanding their personnel, having a couple of new wrinkles every week for their opponents and how sound they have their guys playing.

Flipping things around, being able to overcome injuries and also  getting some of those guys back eventually on 49ers side will be key. FOX’s Sports Doc Matt currently has them dead-last in B.U.S. (banged-up score). I believe when  they get back Trent Williams at left tackle and Elijah Mitchell as  their RB1, that run game will kick into gear only more, but in matchups like this past Sunday, Jimmy G has to be able to make those big throws  down the field, which he really had one of, hitting Brandon Aiyuk with a lot of separation on a corner route to the field. Two positives for  their offense – the protection was pretty darn clean throughout the day,  allowing Jimmy G to literally hang back there at the top of his drop on several occasions, and George Kittle is back to looking like a  monster-truck rumbling through defenders in his path again. The defense will need those young corners to step up with Moseley out for the year, but I’m not concerned with some key contributors slated to return soon.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

## New York Jets (4-2) @ Green Bay Packers (3-3):

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img 33ixgkcv4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

### Jets O vs. Packers D:

I really like what offensive coordinator Mike LaFleur is doing right  now, particularly in the run game. On Sunday, you see them set up plays  with the way they threatened the edges a series of toss plays, either  cracking down with receivers in reduced splits or using guys on the move  of motion as lead-blockers. Plus, that 20-yard touchdown by Braxton  Berrios, where they pulled the guard and tight-end one way, with the  latter pivoting back around and landing the key block on the corner. And  then off that, they had a couple of really cool designs, where they  ultimately handed it to Breece, not only the long touchdown in the  fourth quarter, where they faked a reverse on a GT power play, but also  earlier in the first half, where they lined him up as the offset  receiver in a bunch set, and used the tight-end inside of him on a lead  sweep play, after faking the toss to their original side with Michael  Carter Jr.

I also loved a screen play they ran in the fourth quarter, where they  motioned the Z receiver in a two-by-two set across and showed what  looked like the trips side on a four verts concept and then got the ball  to the tight-end on the opposite side after acting like he’s in  protection, to where he had three linemen out in front, with a ton of  space. The crazy part about what the Jets have been able to do is that  second-year quarterback Zach Wilson – who I predicted to have a breakout  season – isn’t playing well at all right now. Whether it’s being a tick  late on route plays or the ball-placement being off, which was on  display on a couple of intermediate routes to the sideline, which could  have led to conversions if those passes are on the screws. And he made a  horrible decision, which almost cost them an easy field-goal, as he  threw it up into the end-zone whilst falling out of bounds on third  down, and the ball was nearly picked off.

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing gif 7aczwimc8zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

It’s kind of been the same old story for the Packers – they can’t  stop the better run games in the league consistently. After finishing 30th  in yards allowed per carry last season, they’re right on pace yet again  at 4.7 yards per. We can go into Joe Barry’s lack of willingness to  drop one of his safeties down into the cadence of the quarterback, maybe  blitz the run more on early downs and other factors, but really what it  comes down to is that their individual players in the box have to play  better. That’s highly disappointing, considering their nose-tackle and  two linebackers earn in the double-digit millions per year, plus they  just drafted two guys from Georgia’s historically great defense in the  first round. Quay Walker in particular has been a complete liability  against the run, with a PFF run-defense grade of 29.9 – and Rashan Gary  is actually the only player in the front-seven with a grade of 70+. As a  unit, the defense is the worst in the league in terms of EPA allowed  per rush in two-high looks, which their DC seems to have no concern  living in, because that’s what he believes in schematically.

We did finally see him allow Jaire Alexander to play more press-man  coverage, even though he was going up against the Z on the field side  more regularly, and he locked up guys like Corey Davis and Garrett all  day long. They didn’t nearly do a good enough job of beating blockers to  the spot, to funnel the ball back towards their team-mates or replacing  those guys when necessary, frequently allowed the Jets to get to the  perimeter. And then off that, even when New York used soft play-action  fakes from the gun, there were some wide open passing lanes over the  middle, as Walker had followed pulling linemen and the safeties were  kind of frozen at their spots.

&amp;#x200B;

### Packers O vs. Jets D:

Green Bay tried so hard to get out to the edges with wide zone and  toss plays against a team with great speed on the second level and more  than willing tacklers on the perimeter. They had their most success in  that regard handing the ball to A.J. Dillon from the shotgun on power or  trap plays, when the defense was in that wide-nine front and playing  the pass. And their backs should have hit those cutbacks more regularly,  looking at how hard the backside linebacker chased on lateral run  schemes. Aaron Jones once did and ripped off a big chunk, but Elgton  Jenkins was called for pretty much a panic hold. When they did drop  back, it was a ton of quick game and West Coast concepts, which nobody  was able to really create any clear windows with early separation  against man and then against zone, they basically got no yardage after  the catch.

Due to that, the Packers got to third down 19(!) times in this game,  with eight of those for seven or more yards. Other than three first  downs gifted to them by penalties, they went 4-of-16. I’ll get to what  the Jets did up front in a second here, but when Rodgers actually needed  to read the field and work through progressions, he never really felt  comfortable behind his O-line, to allow things to develop down the  field, where he doesn’t trust those young guys and would rather hold  onto the ball an extra beat, to see them work their way open. At this  point, it’s also hilarious how you can count on Rodgers taking a deep  shot, whenever the other team put together a longer (scoring) drive. And  those balls aren’t bad, but he doesn’t really have a guy who will make  those plays for him on the back-end regularly.

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing gif dms3cvgd8zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

For the Jets, Sauce Gardner has transformed what they are on the  back-end, with the physicality he brings and the confidence the coaching  staff and he himself have in the number four overall pick. They can  leave him one-on-one with the X receiver consistently and have been  playing man-coverage on third down as much as any other unit in the  league, allowing with the team speed they have to shut everything down  to the edges or thrown in front of him. You combine that with all the  games they run on the D-line, with as many variatons of picks, stunts,  twist, etc. as you can imagine, to where they realized like a quarter  into Sunday to stop blitzing. They pressured Rodgers on a season-low  percentage of dropbacks, but they sacked him four times, routinely made  the walls around him close in and the Packers O-line was called for  holding twice.

Multiple times you’d see Rodgers try to step into creases like you’d  see on a pocket presence drill, but exactly there a delayed looper would  show up. Quinnen Williams was a monster, looking like the number one  overall prospect I had him as in the 2019 draft, crashing across the  face of offensive linemen and dominating every solo-block he went up  against basically. One more player I want to shout out – I just love  watching Jordan Whitehead charge up the alley in the run game and what  he provides buzzing down, to blow up blockers, which has allowed Gang  Green to be one of four defenses to surrender less than four yards per  carry, despite losing their best run-defender from a year ago in  nose-tackle Folorunso Fatukasi. Having that quasi plus-one in the box,  even though the offense largely can’t account for it, has been key in  that regard.

&amp;#x200B;

### Closing thoughts:

The development of this Jets defense is the biggest talking point  here, closely followed by how capped this Packers offense feels like  right now. This is the type of unit I envisioned when Robert Saleh came  to New York, as they finally have all the pieces in place, whether it’s  the young guys finding their ways or veterans being healthy. And then I  like what Mike LaFleur has built in the run game. If they can Zach  Wilson to get the ball out a touch quicker and a couple inches further  towards where his receivers are heading, they can play the kind of  complete football to beat pretty much anybody. However, let’s not gloss  over the fact that Wilson had 110 yards passing and the offense went  1-of-11 on third downs for the day. They won’t have a punt blocked for a  touchdown every week. So far they’ve only played the Dolphins once at  home from their division – who they beat up pretty good. They’ll have  plenty of chances to prove themselves still.

For Green Bay, for how much they want to play two-high coverages,  they simply don’t have the guys in the front-seven, to keep opponents  behind the chains and eliminate explosives on the ground. They have the  corners to take risks with being vulnerable outside and use those other  resources to spill and fill. While offensively, I don’t see much of a  solution with the personnel they have there right now. Rodgers has that  ability to identify spatial advantages and get the ball out in a hurry,  but if those receivers don’t create that quick separation like Davante  Adams was able to or make something happen with it, if they do catch the  ball, you will get to third-and-long – and then I don’t fully trust the  receivers or O-line respectively to make the right route adjustments on  the fly or hold up long enough in pass-pro, if Rodgers has to pull the  ball down. I’d really like to see them move Elgton Jenkins back to right  guard, where he’s been an All Pro selection, and then try Yosh Nijman  or one of their rookies at tackle next to him, where they can chip and  slide that way, to help, now that David Bakhtiari is back on the  blindside. And as it sounds like their QB is desperate for, they need to  make some kind of move at receiver.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

## Baltimore Ravens (3-3) @ New York Giants (5-1):

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img b0gvrdiz4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

### Ravens O vs. Giants D:

This is probably the game I have the least to write about, because I  really felt like the Ravens were in control for most of the day, yet  they gave away another multi-score lead and the Giants just kept hanging  around and making the plays needed to be victorious at the end.

Looking at the Ravens rushing success in this game, it really was all  Lamar Jackson keeping the ball around the corner or pulling and going  downhill on invert veer concepts. As far as their bnacks are converted,  power schemes were by far the most effective for them, either pulling  the backside guard and tackle or having the fullback kick-out the  end-man at the line of scrimmage and making the guard lead up into the  hole. Kenyan Drake had 76 yards and a touchdowns on six of those alone.  J.K. Dobbins unfortunately didn’t look like himself from a couple of  years ago, trying to bubble around traffic and trying to delay things  near the point of attack. He finished the day with seven carries for  just 15 yards (and no catches).

Baltimore lived in 21 personnel for the majority of this contest,  with fullback Patrick Ricard playing an absurd 76% of offensive snaps – a  fullback, in the 21st century. And the cool thing about them  is that you see them line up in an offset I-formation from the pistol  and run dive option one play and they motion into empty with Ricard at  tight-end as a chip-and-release guy, giving Lamar a clear picture as  they spread out the defense, while they have to match with base  personnel and can afford Lamar solid protection. And something I liked  as well in that regard was the way they’d use their backs to clear out  space to work over the middle of the field for Mark Andrews, at times  off motions or creating four-strong looks.

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing gif d0k4e52f8zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

Wink Martindale had a few really fun wrinkles incorporated into the  game-plan, like on the final play of Baltimore’s opening drive, when  they wanted to run their patented counter bash concept with Lamar and  the Giants had basically had three guys just standing behind the other  over the c, enter before going different ways at the snap and blowing up  the play, because the O-line wasn’t sure who they were responsible for,  making Lamar try to reverse field and ultimately get taken down for a  big TFL, which pushed them out of field goal range. In the pass game,  the G-Men ran some intricate games up front, including some layered  three-man stunts, where they made it almost impossible for the Ravens  O-line to pick it up, with a late looper coming free.

Looking at the box score, Mark Andrews was the only consistent target  in the pass game for Baltimore, catching seven passes for 106 yards and  a touchdown. No other Ravens player had more than three catches or 30  yards. However, that 12-yard score – which was a perfect ball by Lamar  on a slot fade route – was the only ball they allowed the tight-end to  grab over the final 26 minutes, as Wink started to play primarily  one-robber, where they’d have a guy carrying Andrews vertically with  outside leverage and dropped the safety to that side down, to take away  that inside access towards the middle. Fifth overall pick Kayvon  Thibodeaux did a great job on a couple of plays, forcing Lamar to hand  the ball off and then corralling the back. Julian Love had some  excellent reps in coverage, one-on-one against Mark Andrews and covering  ground as a deep zone defender, to disrupt the catch point, allowing  that game-turning pick off Lamar, that set up the G-Men to take their  first lead of the game with just two minutes.

&amp;#x200B;

### Giants O vs. Ravens D:

Similar to what I said about the Falcons near the top of the article –  the Giants coaches understand the personnel they have to work with.  They simply don’t have any complete receivers that they can rely upon,  to consistently create separation in his matchups, in order to work  those. But they have a special talent in Saquon Barkley, who they  understood the Ravens would always have most eyes on and opened up  opportunities for his teammates to make plays. He did touch the ball 25  times on the day, to keep their opponents honest, but he was really more  so a decoy. Rookie receiver Wan’Dale Robinson gave Big Blue a nice  spark and found the end-zone for the first time as a pro, on a little  pick play to the flats, but we saw them use a ton of 12 and some 21  “pony” personnel on the day (their wildcat package with two tailbacks),  because Brian Daboll probably feels like they can be the most diverse  out of those.

You see some play-designs that nobody else in the league has run this  season. I put a clip here of this play they ran on their first  touchdown drive midway through the second quarter, where they were in 31  personnel with three actual tailbacks, fake the dive with the deep back  and put Daniel Jones on the move of this front-side bootleg, where he  has Saquon out in the flats and Matt Breida wheeling up the sideline. He  hit the latter, as the safety to that side tried to take away Barkley  underneath, for 15 yards. And as much as people want to crap on Daniel  Jones – which has been fair at points – he delivered some crucial plays  on third downs, going 7-of-11 on the day, with conversions of 14, 12 and  a touchdown. They hit some deep crossers to extend drives and some of  other cool designs in the pass game, throughout the day, where they used  the eyes of Ravens defenders being on Barkley against them.

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing gif c56ts35g8zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

Baltimore’s defense for the majority of the day was able to hold  Saquon Barkley in check. He had just 95 yards on those 25 touches, with  none of them going for more than eight yards. That was thanks to having  the guys on the interior to hold up against double-teams on more  vertical run schemes and great pursuit whenever he was threatening out  to the edges. However, while they did get some good hits on Daniel Jones  in the pocket, he deserves credit for standing tall to deliver the  ball, while those DBs on the back-end couldn’t plaster the receivers  quite well enough to avoid that little bit of late separation. And right  now, other than Justin Madubuike knifing through a couple of times per  game, they don’t have anybody who can consistently win his pass-rush  reps one-on-one.

Patrick Queen got close to Jones on a couple of wrap-around blitzes,  where they could have gotten the Giants off the field on third downs,  but both Barkley and Breida had tremendous pass-pro reps, allowing their  quarterback to step into the throw and deliver big conversions.  Baltimore is tied for the third-most takeaways in the league (12) and  one of only four teams with at least one of those in each of their six  games. They got another in this contest, but that strip-sack on the  final play before halftime was pretty much meaningless. The only big one  they nearly had came at the two-minute warning at the end of the game,  when Marcus Peters was called for pass interference in the end-zone, and  Saquon scored on a goal-line leap on the very next snap.

&amp;#x200B;

### Closing thoughts:

This is now their third loss this season after leading by  double-digit points in the fourth quarter. And once again, there were  way too many costly mistakes. Up 7-0, they have the Giants stopped on a 3rd-and-4,  with a screen to Richie James coming a yard short, but John Harbaugh  decides to push New York back ten yards on an offensive pass  interference call, only for them to convert on a deep curl to Darius  Slayton. Lamar missed Devin Duvernay for a touchdown right after the  two-minute warning in the first half, who had a step on the safety on a  corner-route in the high red-zone, and then put it out maybe a couple of  inches too far him on a drag route early on in the second half. They  ended up settling for field goals on both of those drives. Then up by  three, with as many minutes left on a third-and-one, they get called for  an illegal formation on what would have been a conversion on a QB  sneak, and they have that odd snap exchange on the very next snap, where  the ball goes through Lamar’s hands, but instead of throwing it away as  they running out to the sideline, he goes back across his body and gets  picked off by Julian Love. Marcus Peters get called for pass  interference on third-and-goal, where the receiver tried to push off and  his reaction was to grab cloth, before Saquon leaps over the top of the  pile, to put the Giants up by four. And finally, Lamar gets  strip-sacked by Thibodeaux, to seal the deal. Oh, and Justin Tucker  missed a 56-yard field goal attempt at the end of the second drive on  the day, which is also very uncommon. Those are simply way too many  miscues in a game that they should have really won.

The Giants on the other hand continue to play clean football  throughout and particularly in late-game situations. It sounds like a  stupid cliché, but they simply don’t beat themselves, but rather wait  for the opponent to make those mistakes. On their final four  possessions, they scored a field goal and two touchdowns, plus then they  were able to run out the clock, with Saquon making the right decision  for his team to win, as he slid down at the two-yard line instead of  scoring – to the chagrin of several fantasy managers of his, like  myself. You can argue right now New York’s coaching staff is doing as  good a job of maximizing the talent at their disposal as any group in  the league. They play tough, smart old-school football, where they allow  their personnel to dictate what they can run, but then dictate to the  opposing team what they can run in those situations. If there’s one  thing I’d like to do them still, it’s adding a speed-element to that  receiving corp, to open up more space underneath for themselves. I don’t  want to rule out a “homecoming” for Odell Beckham Jr.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

## Buffalo Bills (5-1) @ Kansas City Chiefs (4-2):

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img j9fq51m35zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

### Bills O vs. Chiefs D:

The one overarching point for Buffalo’s offense on Sunday was how  they didn’t allow Chiefs DC Steve Spagnuolo to dictate the game to them  with a bunch of exotic pressures and forcing Josh Allen to throw it hot.  And they largely did so with multiple tight-ends and/or backs, forcing  Kansas City to match with base personnel. Fullback Reggie Gilliam was on  the field for 29% of snaps on Sunday – the highest mark since  their blowout win at the Rams in the season-opener, where they just  closed out the game running the way. Plus, they were in 12 personnel for  seven snaps in this contest, when they have used it just five times all  season heading into the day. That allowed them to create favorable  angles with cross-blocks by the O-line and using the fullback or inserts  by the TEs as lead-blocks, where Devin Singletary is really good at  partially hiding behind that guy in the hole and forcing the defender to  commit to one side, before slicing up the other way. They used some  counter action in the backfield, with the guard wrapping around from the  backside and the RB getting behind him. And once they showed  pin-and-pull run action one way out of an Ace set (with TEs on either  end of the line) and used center Mitch Morse pivoting back the other way  to lead-block for Singletary on a pitch out to the weak-side edge,  which unfortunately was taken off due to a holding call on the wide  receiver to that side, but it was a really cool design and they had the  defense totally fooled. Even taking away Josh as a runner, they ran the  ball the ball 19 times for 93 yards, with Singletary handling all but  two of those.

Something I loved when they were in 21 personnel was being able to  line up in singleback with an Ace Duo set (the FB and TE to the right),  with the Chiefs being in a true 4-3 front, because they were matching  that package, expecting run. Instead, Buffalo ran play-action and had  both the slot receiver away from the strength of the formation off a  scissors concept and the back-side dig wide open, because they faced a  simple cover-three and that second level wasn’t even close to crowding  those passing windows in any way. Allen showed the maturity to routinely  throw it to Devin Singletary in front of the linebackers (largely off  play-fakes) with the Chiefs playing two-high shells. Understanding what  they were facing from a coverage perspective allowed them to understand  how to create challenges for the defense, along with sprinkling in some  seven-man pass-pro when they needed to block it up in situations, where  they expected Spags to bring pressure. They also had the receivers to  take advantage of those young corners being forced onto the field for  KC, such as Gabe Davis on that 34-yard touchdown just before the half,  running right by his guy on a fade route, having the chemistry with  Stefon Diggs to be in sync on those secondary route adjustments, and  Allen making some bat-shit throws, like when they were pinned inside  their own one-yard line on third-and-13, where the QB dipped underneath  the edge rusher and almost side-armed the ball on a rope to Davis on  sitting down a deep dig, along with multiple sick side-line shots  against a two-deep coverage.

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing video qaeotft45zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

Once again, Kansas City not being able to dictate terms defensively  on many snaps certainly became a big factor. They did end up blitzing on 34.9% of Josh Allen’s dropbacks, but only pressured him on 11.4% total. It really only was only a factor in third and fourth  downs, where the Bills went five-of-14 on the day. Using the pro  personnel on the offensive side largely put the Chiefs in zone coverage  and they used more sets with three than one (off-ball) linebacker.  That’s not what we’re used to from Spaguolo in terms of the  aggressiveness as a play-caller, where early on in this growing rivalry,  they’d bring pressure spread across all three downs and forced Josh to  throw hot, while having guys in the back-seven, who understand where  that would lead the ball to go to then.

When Spags did have the chance to bring heat in obvious passing  situations against 11 personnel, he was able to scheme open a free  rusher and multiple times peeled off the D-end to take the back, whilst  playing tight man-coverage on the four other eligible receivers. They  had two great back-to-back plays like that at the tail-end of Buffalo’s  third possession of the day, as they brought Juan Thornhill untouched on  a weak-side B-gap blitz by occupying the five blockers, plus a  linebacker coming through the opposite B-gap, as the right tackle had to  set to the wide end, not expecting him to bail out again. Josh Allen  had to release the ball whilst fading away from the rush on both of  them, once throwing the ball into the stomach of Chris Jones just  playing with his eyes up the whole way, when he had Singletary open on  an angle route, and then putting it slightly behind Isaiah McKenzie on a  quick in-breaker as the number two, where they picked off the slot  defender with Diggs running a corner route. The receiver could have  potentially pulled that one in, if he didn’t jump, but he had an  extremely rough day altogether.

&amp;#x200B;

### Chiefs O vs. Bills D:

Buffalo certainly showed more of a commitment to running the ball  than Kansas City, as Patrick Mahomes accounted for 21 of their 68  rushing yards on the day – all on scrambles – and their backs averaged just 3.6 yards a pop. Outside of using a split backfield with their fullback to one side of the quarterback and rolling Mahomes the other  way of a lead play to slow down the pursuit, they didn’t have many  wrinkles in the ground game, to give them those schematic advantages.  For them it was more so about RPOs and screens to their backs, to make  them a factor, where on the former they used slide routes by Kelce, glances and back-shoulder fade alerts on the outside to give themselves  options. They also had a really fun design on a TE screen to Noah Gray, where they faked a flat screen to the three-receiver side and released  the back wide the other way, with Gray pivoting around underneath that, to get in behind three linemen. If not for Bills LB Tremaine Edmunds being a freak of nature and chasing him down from the backside, he may rip off a huge play on that one.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing gif 2trwjini8zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

### The rest of this game breakdown, including closing thoughts, and the breakdowns of our final two matchups can be found [here](https://halilsrealfootballtalk.com/2022/10/19/analyzing-the-six-biggest-matchups-from-nfl-week-six/)!

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

## Minnesota Vikings (5-1) @ Miami Dolphins (3-3):

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img zoirdn2p4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

### Vikings O vs. Dolphins D:

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing video lbggu6tq4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

### Dolphins O vs. Vikings D:

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing video ge0ghsqs4zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

  


## Dallas Cowboys (4-2) @ Philadelphia Eagles (6-0):

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img 8l9yewzd5zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

### Cowboys O vs. Eagles D:

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing gif 5o4ab6oj8zu91...*

&amp;#x200B;

### Eagles O vs. Cowboys D:

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing gif tc1cy18k8zu91...*

### 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

**If you enjoyed these breakdowns, please consider heading over to** [**my page**](https://halilsrealfootballtalk.com) **for the original piece and feel free to check out all my other work there and** [**on Youtube**](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxjwwcjGcWpjlDyDj-pY5wQ)**!**

&amp;#x200B;

 

Here are my social media outlets:

Instagram - @ halilsrealfootballtalk

Twitter - [https://twitter.com/halilsfbtalk](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&amp;redir_token=QUFFLUhqbVAyWmxaTFhtRU9TR3FNSVRHdGM1OEEzY0Z0d3xBQ3Jtc0trQzBDV213ZVVmZ3pGZnp0NXRMQVE2WVRUVmJNZVoxZE96Xzh3dWtyUjNpOV9XdEYtQ2RLTlpTZXd0VjBRMTdmOEpPVXN4Z1BFWTZwbmFMcGdkekc4RW5pN1Q5TWxoR2ZoN2pfMDVaRnh4M1dkYnl4aw&amp;q=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Fhalilsfbtalk&amp;v=dIGfIUsrTcI)

Facebook - [https://www.facebook.com/halilsrealfootballtalk](https://www.youtube.com/redirect?event=video_description&amp;redir_token=QUFFLUhqbEI0SElsS1RteDdGUlFsaVl0UUVJVFhBQUpUd3xBQ3Jtc0tscEZMVDNOM3RJSTlXYmQ4eEVENlZZU0F6NUdLSHJXVTZydklpWjNwTURrVFo0dVdDN2ZZR0tYRTZkLXk4cHY3MjFwSnhkNnVaN3pYc0pDa0JMWGRRWTZNN1RCS1hpUHpjYzVwclZDbjhXZmhuVjljbw&amp;q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fhalilsrealfootballtalk&amp;v=dIGfIUsrTcI)",Analyzing the six biggest matchups from NFL week six:
76,nfl,[removed],Those of you who have football as your favorite sport: would you rather play in the NFL as a star still or choose another sport?
77,nfl,,Let's start holding some these stars' feet to the flame and show them ball isn't everything. We see what they're up to and we want it to stop. 10% of the net proceeds will go to the the charity SOSA #4 can play ball but at what cost?
78,nfl,,Let's start holding some these stars' feet to the flame and show them ball isn't everything. We see what they're up to and we want it to stop. 10% of the net proceeds will go to the charity SOSA - Survivors of Sexual Abuse #4 can play ball but at what cost?
79,nfl,,[PFF] The highest-graded QBs so far this season 🎯
80,nfl,,"[Howe] There is no QB controversy in New England. When Mac Jones is healthy enough to return to play, he’ll be the starter, per sources. @TheAthletic"
81,nfl,,[Duggan] They play Maddens in team meetings. They had dodgeball games during OTAs. They ran a March Madness-style ping-pong tournament. Brian Daboll’s team competes — at everything. And it’s showing on Sundays
82,nfl,,They play Maddens in team meetings. They had dodgeball games during OTAs. They ran a March Madness-style ping-pong tournament. Brian Daboll’s team competes — at everything. And it’s showing on Sundays
83,nfl,,"[Wilson] Multiple NFL teams remain interested and are actively exploring trade scenarios for Panthers star Christian McCaffrey, per league sources. Unclear if he'll be dealt ahead of NFL trade deadline, per sources, but several sources expressed belief this is advancing and could happen"
84,nfl,,[Duggan] They play Madden in team meetings. They had dodgeball games during OTAs. They ran a March Madness-style ping-pong tournament. Brian Daboll’s team competes — at everything. And it’s showing on Sundays
85,nfl,,"[Sherman] Everybody said: “Pete Carroll is holding Russ back”. No. They knew him best, they knew how to put him in positions to be successful, they knew when he was struggling, how to get him back into rhythm. That’s what good coaching is. This [Denver] coaching staff doesn’t know how to do that.”"
86,nfl,,[billyhottakes] This was the worst thing to wake up to today
87,nfl,,Pardon My Take on Twitter “DangerRuss”
88,nfl,[removed],Mike McCarthy shaved his mustache off during halftime of the Giants game.
89,nfl,,"[Fishbain] The Bears QBs who have pulled a “Zappe” — 300+ yards, 2+ TDs, 0 INT in a win (@Stathead): 1. Trubisky (2018) 2. Trubisky ('18) 3. Hoyer (16) 4. McCown (13) 5. Orton (08) 6. Grossman (06) 7. Kramer (97) 8. Tomczak (89) 9. Evans (80) 10. Bukich (65) 11. Wade (62) 12. Luckman (47)"
90,nfl,"
The Dallas defense is one of the best this season. Here are four players who have gone unnoticed in their performances. 

https://gridironheroics.com/the-unsung-heroes-on-the-dallas-defense/",The Unsung Heroes on the Dallas Defense
91,nfl,,[Trotter] The Ravens offense ranks No. 1 in both run block win rate (75.5%) and yards BEFORE contact on designed runs per carry (4.35)... The #Browns defense is giving up the most yards before contact on designed runs per carry (3.37)
92,nfl,,"QB Mac Jones expects to be ready for Bears matchup, sources say"
93,nfl,,Ja'Marr Chase | Behind the Stripes
94,nfl,,[Michael Balko] “The #Packers are reportedly “All In” on current #Steelers WR Chase Claypool and will attempt to trade for him before the NFL trade deadline.”
95,nfl,"Welcome to today's open thread, where /r/nfl users can discuss anything they wish not related directly to the NFL.

Want to talk about personal life? Cool things about your fandom? Whatever happens to be dominating today's news cycle? Do you have something to talk about that didn't warrant its own thread? This is the place for it!

---

Remember, that there are other subreddits that may be a good fit for what you want to post - every day all day!

* /r/NFLFandom for showing off your fandom
* /r/NFL_Draft for talking in depth about the draft
* /r/NFLNoobs for noob questions, no judgement
* /r/nflblogs for posting blog posts - including your own
* /r/nflofftopic for talking about anything with NFL fans
* /r/nfffffffluuuuuuuuuuuu for all kinds of humor posts
* /r/nflcirclejerk for when /r/NFL just becomes too much
* ... and more - see the sidebar!",Thursday Talk Thread... Yes That's The Thread Name
96,nfl,"Everyone knows that several blue chip QBs have had successful “second careers” with different teams (Brady, Manning, now Russ is attempting to do so). I think it’s pretty clear that Brady is the best two team QB ever

I was wondering who the best multi-team QB is? I think the obvious answer is Farve, but as always, you guys tend to have the better answers",Who is the best QB to have played for more than two teams?
97,nfl,,"[OC] [Highlight] Prior to a 1984 game between the Saints and Cardinals, a Saints fan robbed someone’s house to go to the game. The fan was then dumb enough to go to the game, sit in that seat, and wear the jewelry that he stole from that house. Unsurprisingly, he was arrested"
98,nfl,,Football stars like Lane Johnson provide men a playbook to confront their mental health challenges
99,nfl,,"[michael phillips] Carson Wentz told Taylor Heinicke in the locker room he thought his finger was broken. Heinicke: “I said I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear that, because I’ve got plans to go play golf in Norfolk.”"
100,nfl,,serious question: how many leagues is too much? (this piece mentions a guy in 120 who lost his wedding savings)
101,nfl,,serious question: how many fantasy leagues is too much? (this piece mentions a guy in 120 who lost his wedding savings)
102,nfl,[removed],Mac Jones OR Bailey Zappe?
103,nfl,,"No stranger to QB changes, Terry McLaurin is taking this one in stride"
104,nfl,"It was the first game of the season after the Jags made the AFC championship game. How will it shake out on Sunday? Jaguars are actually favored by 3 points in this game, why? How do they matchup against each other","Just going off of memory here but the Giants are playing the Jaguars on Sunday and I remember Saquons 1st game of his career was against the Jags in 2018, that was the last time they played. And he had a big game."
105,nfl,I don’t plan on betting on this game or using the information to but I just don’t get it.,Can somebody explain to me how the Giants are underdogs vs the Jags?
106,nfl,,Chargers CB J.C Jackson feels defeated after benching on Monday Night
107,nfl,,[Bailey] Listen to Ryan Fitzpatrick talk about why he doesn’t like Tom Brady.
108,nfl,,crypto
109,nfl,"For my team, the chargers, not me but my uncle was pissed he told me for like a year when Ryan leaf ended up being terrible",Who are some players from your favorite team that really upset you when they busted after being a high pick?
110,nfl,,Why does everyone despise Russell Wilson?
111,nfl,,"TB12 gets a pass, but no other QBs better try to yell at Jason Kelce"
112,nfl,,[Gonzalez] Minnesota Vikings running back Dalvin Cook watched the Timberwolves beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 115-108 at Target Center on Wednesday night. #Twolves
113,nfl,,(Gonzalez) Minnesota Vikings running back Dalvin Cook watched the Timberwolves beat the Oklahoma City Thunder 115-108 at Target Center on Wednesday night. #Twolves
114,nfl,[removed],Why are we not talking about Robert Saleh?
115,nfl,[removed],Which emoji best describes the state of your team right now?
116,nfl,https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/eagles-jason-kelce-lane-johnson-jordan-mailata-to-release-a-philly-special-christmas-album/amp/,"Eagles' Jason Kelce, Lane Johnson, Jordan Mailata to release 'A Philly Special Christmas' album"
117,nfl,"All these calls that have been extremely questionable lately have me wondering if the [NFL is working with betting odds to make themselves more side money](https://www.americangaming.org/resources/how-much-does-the-nfl-stand-to-gain-from-legal-sports-betting/#:~:text=the%20Press%20Release-,The%20NFL's%20annual%20revenue%20may%20increase%20by%20%242.3%20billion%20a,according%20to%20new%20AGA%20research). They are already expected to make a couple billion dollars off of betting agreements. We are seeing more and more absurd calls occurring at increased frequency unlike ever before and it is starting to seem suspicious now that the NFL is itself in cahoots with betting organizations. I believe this could be a reason why instead of modifying roughing the passer the NFL has actually doubled down on the decision to leave it very vague and open for a penalty. If they NFL actually cared about keeping quarterbacks safe and allowing the game to be played QBs would be subject to 2-hand touch or they would wear flags on their hips instead.",NFL is getting suspicious.
118,nfl,"1. Jack Jones (90.5) - New England Patriots (121st overall)

2. Drake London (82.5) - Atlanta Falcons (8th overall)

3. Chris Olave (79.7) - New Orleans Saints (11th overall)

4. Jordan Davis (77.7) - Philadelphia Eagles (13th overall)

5. Daniel Bellinger (75.9) - New York Giants (112th overall)

last week: https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/y216pk/pffs_top_rookies_through_week_5_jack_jones_drake/","PFF's top rookies through week 6: Jack Jones, Drake London, Chris Olave, Jordan Davis, Daniel Bellinger"
119,nfl,"Go crazy, the crazier the better. You don't have to think it'll actually happen, but maybe it's something you'd find funny to see. 

One of mine is that neither of the two teams at the top right now (Bills and Eagles) will have the #1 seed.

Another is the Raiders will get Carr his first playoff win *if* they make it. 


Those aren't that crazy I know, but they're more or less just examples.",What are some of your bold predictions for the rest of the season?
120,nfl,"An example of the incredible parity in the NFL this season, pointing it out only because I’m a Colts fan. Fandom aside I find it awesome that a team many considered to be one of the worst in football after four weeks can become the 2nd seed with only two outcomes.",Colts can capture 2nd seed in the AFC with a win and a Chiefs loss
121,nfl,,[Chicago Football Connection] Developing story: Chicago Bears OL Alex Leatherwood was involved in a car accident on Saturday around noon which sent a woman to the hospital. A witness who tried to help Leatherwood out of his vehicle stated he appeared to be unconscious
122,nfl,The other Q Williams brother!,Quincy Williams UNREAL HIT on Aaron Jones
123,nfl,,[Walder] Receiver Tracking Metrics plot
124,nfl,,Washington Commanders blame 'bank error' after fan's $14K raffle check bounced
125,nfl,,MOTOROLA EDGE 30 ULTRA PRICE IN INDIA
126,nfl,I’m new to the NFL but I live in a town in United States with no NFL team I was wondering if somebody can pitch to me certain teams and why I should support them,suggest me an NFL team to become a fan of
127,nfl,,[Cat Crave] Sam Darnold has been designated to return from IR.
128,nfl,,"[DannyBKelly] deception is good. #Seahawks. (Week 1, 2021)"
129,nfl,,[ProFootballTalk] J.C. Jackson after his benching: I feel defeated.
130,nfl,,"[McManaman] With 11 catches Thursday vs. the Saints, the Cardinals’ DeAndre Hopkins would have 800 career receptions. At 30 years, 136 days old, he would be the second-youngest player in NFL history to reach the milestone behind only Larry Fitzgerald (30 years, 57 days)."
131,nfl,"[Here are the current standings and picks](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PZcnDVddLWkPiQngqg-4-tujWMc_NicXB1mfOkyvdyY/edit?usp=sharing).

**Top 3**

1. u/siguel_manchez - 200 points

2. u/FickleFlopper - 183 points

3. u/big_brown_ - 177 points

**Key Notes From Week 7**

- A lot of low scoring picks happened last week. The two most popular picks were the Seahawks and Cardinals, who scored 19 and 9 points, respectively. Each team was taken by 14.6% of submissions.

- The highest scoring team that was chosen was the Patriots, who scored 38 against the Browns. One person also took the Bengals, who scored 30 against the Saints.

**Week 7 Picks**

**Please remember that you cannot choose a team you've already chosen in a previous week.**

You can submit your Week 7 pick [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSf3O9OB7Sim4swp2dGxREVmnymXR_TmilBkopDQrjNA1iQMZA/viewform?usp=sf_link).",r/NFL Scoring Game - Week 7 Standings &amp; Picks
132,nfl,,Im a ball drainer [f]
133,nfl,,"Upp arows if you have a good cock, my holes need it [f]"
134,nfl,,"[Bean] Russell Wilson says he’s hoping to play this week. Said he’s feeling much better already, said maybe he’s got “wolverine blood”"
135,nfl,Every day is a new saga in the commanders ineptitude,Sports Illustrated on Twitter
136,nfl,"Here are mine:

1. XXI: Giants vs. Jets - the Battle of New York.

2. XXVIII: 49ers vs. Chiefs - the real Joe Montana Bowl.

3. XXVIII: Packers vs. Patriots - Favre vs. Brady; the then-current legend vs. the then-future legend.

4. XLIII: Giants vs. Colts - the real Manning Bowl.

5. LII: Eagles vs. Steelers - the Battle of Pennsylvania; East Coast vs. Rust Belt. (Sorry, Vikings fans.)

6. LV: Buccaneers vs. Patriots - Brady vs. Belichick; the showdown to end all showdowns.","What are some Super Bowl matchups that you wish happened, but never did?"
137,nfl,,Situational masters? How 5-1 Vikings are thriving and what they still need to fix
138,nfl,,Im a ball drainer [f]
139,nfl,"Zappe’s jersey is now forever immortalized on Foxborough, Massachusetts","[Patriots Hall of Fame] Bailey Zappe’s game-worn jersey is now hung from the win at CLE when he became the first rookie to win his first 2 starts and record a 100+ passer rating in both + a game ball from the win, Belichick’s 324th as a head coach, which tied George Halas for second most all time"
140,nfl,Yikes.,[Mahler] “I wouldn’t want that job if I were tied to Russell Wilson.” @ProFootballTalk on Sean Payton being the next HC in Denver WOW!!
141,nfl,,[Martin] Josh Allen at the padres game
142,nfl,,[Highlight] The 13 wildest NFL performances you've never heard of
143,nfl,"the Broncos get a WR that already knows Russ's comfort zone, while the Seahawks get a young WR with potential in exchange for a 30 year old",The Broncos should trade Jeudy for Tyler Lockett
144,nfl,,[Laine] Bucs center Robert Hainsey took no issue with Tom Brady’s expletive-laden tirade directed at him and the rest of the offensive line Sunday. “I want nothing else from a quarterback than that. I love that from him.”
145,nfl,"If you look at the [map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Raymond+James+Stadium/@27.92564,-82.5640832,12.36z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x88c2c3b8dc9428cf:0xc1cd5337edfcf3df!8m2!3d27.9758691!4d-82.5033344), you can clearly see that Hillsborough Bay, McKay Bay, and Old Tampa Bay are all closer to Raymond James Stadium than Tampa Bay proper. This is an egregiously misleading mishap in naming, and I ask that we all petition the Hillsborough Bay Buccaneers to apologize, and rename themselves immediately.",Not only are the Tampa Bay Buccaneers named as though their stadium is located in an offshoot of the Atlantic Ocean—they're named after the fourth-closest bay to their stadium
146,nfl,,They Call It Pro Football
147,nfl,,[KTO] The Most Mind-Blowing NFL Midseason Turnarounds
148,nfl,,[Jets] *ahem* BREEEEEECE is your @fedex Ground Player of the Week! 🙌
149,nfl,"***INTRO***

Who would of thought the most entertaining part of a Denver Broncos primetime game would be a [Commercial Counter](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/147yAWKBby2T-NUvLqgwoJNtaA1fYG66pUoVgXUHIPx8/edit?usp=sharing)? I count commercials and I track the time and how many non-local commercials there are during the primetime games and post weekly updates!

***NFL COMPARSION STATS***

* We have watched more hours of Denver Broncos Non-Commercial Time in Primetime Games (9) than Broncos have total touchdowns (7).
* There were more non-local commercials in the DEN-LAC game (87) than the Chargers had total rushing yards this week (73).
* The 5-1 Giants have only been in 1 primetime game, where they aired 114 non-local commercials, if we put that in as receiving yards, they would be 5th most for the Giants.
* There were more non-local commercials in the 2nd Half/Overtime in the DEN-LAC game (40) than Russell Wilson had yards in the 2nd Half/Overtime (15).
* Josh Allen has more total yards (2,237) than Total Non-Local Commercials (1,944)

***AVERAGES/DIFFERENCES***

||2021-2022 AVERAGE|TOTAL AVERAGE|DIFFERENCE|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|Q1 NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|20|19|\-1|
|Q1 COMMERCIAL TIME|8:01|7:41|\-0:20|
|Q2 NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|32|31|\-1|
|Q2 COMMERCIAL TIME|13:21|13:15|\-0:06|
|HALFTIME NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|12|10|\-2|
|HALFTIME COMMERCIAL TIME|6:24|5:39|\-0:45|
|Q3 NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|20|16|\-4|
|Q3 COMMERCIAL TIME|8:38|6:42|\-1:56|
|Q4 NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|23|27|\+4|
|Q4 COMMERCIAL TIME|9:57|11:10|\+1:13|
|OVERTIME NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|4|5|\+1|
|OVERTIME COMMERCIAL TIME|1:56|2:02|\+0:06|
|FINAL NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|108|102|\-6|
|FINAL COMMERCIAL TIME|46:41|44:49|\-1:52|

***HIGHS/LOWS (New Leaders in Bold and Italicized)***

||High|Low|
|:-|:-|:-|
|Q1 NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|SF vs DEN (27)|***DAL vs PHI (9)***|
|Q1 COMMERCIAL TIME|SF vs DEN (11:05)|***DAL vs PHI (4:17)***|
|Q2 NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|***DAL vs PHI (51)***|***DEN vs LAC (21)***|
|Q2 COMMERCIAL TIME|***DAL vs PHI (20:23)***|***DEN vs LAC (9:33)***|
|HALFTIME NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|LAC vs KC, PIT vs CLE, LAR vs SF (13)|***DAL vs PHI (5)***|
|HALFTIME COMMERCIAL TIME|TB vs DAL (6:59)|***WAS vs CHI (3:35)***|
|Q3 NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|BUF vs LAR (24)|LAR vs SF, CIN vs BAL (9)|
|Q3 COMMERCIAL TIME|BUF vs LAR (9:16)|LAR vs SF (3:46)|
|Q4 NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|DAL vs NYG (37)|LAC vs KC, PIT vs CLE (18)|
|Q4 COMMERCIAL TIME|MIN vs PHI (14:46)|TEN vs BUF (7:45)|
|OVERTIME NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|IND vs DEN (6)|***DEN vs LAC (3)***|
|OVERTIME COMMERCIAL TIME|IND vs DEN (3:04)|***DEN vs LAC (1:01)***|
|FINAL NON-LOCAL COMMERCIALS|DAL vs NYG (114)|***DEN vs LAC (87)***|
|FINAL COMMERCIAL TIME|TB vs DAL (49:37)|***WAS vs CHI (37:56)***|

*NOTE: The 51 non-local commercials and 20:23 2nd Quarter was record highs for Commercial Counter History. That being said, find it funny that they ""apologized"" with a season low 2nd Quarter the next game. That 9:33 in the 2nd Quarter is the only time this season to have less than 10 minutes of commercial time in the 2nd Quarter. Also, the 3:36 of WAS vs CHI Halftime Commercial Time had to do with ""The Pile On"" not being a technical commercial, but I really should of counted it.*

***NON-COMMERCIAL TIME LEADERBOARD (Bold and Italicized means new entry into Top 10)***

|*1st Quarter*|*2nd Quarter*|*3rd Quarter*|*4th Quarter*|*Overtime*|*TOTAL*|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|1. TEN vs BUF (34:22)|1. MIA vs CIN (42:21)|1. TEN vs BUF (49:26)|1. PIT vs CLE (45:01)|***1. DEN vs LAC (20:53)***|1. IND vs DEN (2:35:46)|
|2. MIA vs CIN (30:24)|2. LV vs KC (41:49)|2. KC vs TB (32:49)|2. IND vs DEN (43:18)|2. IND vs DEN (14:25)|***2. DEN vs LAC (2:30:27)***|
|3. IND vs DEN (28:43)|***3. WAS vs CHI (40:41)***|3. PIT vs CLE (32:22)|3. DAL vs NYG (41:09)||3. TEN vs BUF (2:22:37)|
|4. SF vs DEN (28:40)|4. KC vs TB (40:33)|4. SF vs DEN (32:05)|4. LAC vs KC (40:21)||4. PIT vs CLE (2:21:09)|
|***5. DEN vs LAC (28:02)***|5. IND vs DEN (39:00)|5. DAL vs NYG (31:31)|5. LV vs KC (39:32)||5. LV vs KC (2:16:45)|
|6. TB vs DAL (27:47)|6. PIT vs CLE (38:58)|6. IND vs DEN (30:20)|***6. WAS vs CHI (39:27)***||6. DAL vs NYG (2:15:50)|
|7. KC vs TB (27:06)|7. SF vs DEN (38:48)|7. LAC vs KC (29:57)|***7. DEN vs LAC (39:14)***||7. MIA vs CIN (2:14:27)|
|8. DEN vs SEA (27:01)|***8. DAL vs PHI (38:16)***|8. DEN vs SEA (29:28)|8. TB vs DAL (36:55)||8. SF vs DEN (2:14:25)|
|9. CIN vs BAL (27:01)|9. DAL vs NYG (36:59)|9. LV vs KC (29:14)|9. MIA vs CIN (36:26)||9. KC vs TB (2:13:35)|
|10. MIN vs PHI (26:45)|10. MIN vs PHI (36:50)|10. TB vs DAL (28:46)|10. LAR vs SF (36:02)||10. DEN vs SEA (2:05:17)|

*NOTE: If there was no game for DEN vs LAC, they would be 10th with 2:09:34*

***LEADERBOARD***

1. Progressive (50) (--)
2. AT&amp;T (39) (--)
3. FanDuel (31) (--)
4. Subway (31) (+3)
5. GEICO (29) (+1)
6. Verizon (29) (-1)
7. Capital One (27) (+1)
8. Toyota (27) (-4)
9. T-Mobile (25) (--)
10. Mercedes-Benz (23) (--)
11. Monday Night Football (23) (--)
12. Burger King (22) (--)
13. Quantum Leap (22) (+1)
14. DraftKings (21) (+1)
15. Hyundai (21) (+1)
16. iPhone 14 Pro (21) (-3)
17. Modelo (21) (--)
18. NFL+ (21) (--)
19. Corona (20) (+4)
20. AWS (18) (+1)
21. Chipotle (18) (+1)
22. Pfizer (18) (+2)
23. State Farm (18) (-3)
24. Taco Bell (18) (NR)
25. Walmart (18) (NR)

*DROPPED OUT*

* DirecTV (19th to 26th)
* NFL International Games (25th to 32nd)

***TEAM COMMERCIAL LEADERBOARD (Must play 2+ primetime games, 1 being in Week 6)***

|Bears (2 Games)|Cowboys (3 Games)|Eagles (2 Games)|Broncos (4 Games)|Chargers (2 Games)|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|1. GEICO (5)|1. Hyundai (8)|1. Subway (8)|1. Progressive (12)|1. Progressive (6)|
|2. Applebee's (4)|2. Progressive (8)|2. Progressive (6)|2. Verizon (12)|2. Mercedes-Benz (4)|
|3. FanDuel (4)|3. Subway (8)|3. AT&amp;T (5)|3. AT&amp;T (8)|3. ShipStation (4)|
|4. Quantum Leap (4)|4. AT&amp;T (7)|4. Capital One (5)|4. NFL International Games (7)|4. Aflac (3)|
|5. T-Mobile (4)|5. Corona (6)|5. Walmart (5)|5. Capital One (6)|5. AutoTrader (3)|
|6. Toyota (4)|6. FanDuel (6)|6. Corona (4)|6. FanDuel (6)|6. Chipotle (3)|
|7. AT&amp;T, Behr, DraftKings (3)|7. Quantum Leap (6)|7. LA Brea (4)|7. Mercedes-Benz (6)|7. FanDuel (3)|
|8. Hyundai, KFC, Law &amp; Order Premiere Event (3)|8. Taco Bell (6)|8. Monday Night Football (4)|8. Modelo (6)|8. HomeLight, Modelo (3)|
|9. Mercedes-Benz, NFL Responsible Play, Pfizer (3)|9. Walmart (6)|9. Pfizer (4)|9. Toyota (6)|9. Monday Night Football, Popeyes (3)|
|10. Progressive, Subway, Verizon, WingStop (3)|10. LA Brea, Lowe's, Toyota (5)|10. Allstate, GEICO, Hyundai, Lexus, Lowe's, Miller Lite, NFL+, Quantum Leap, Starbucks, T-Mobile, WhatsApp (3)|10. Burger King, GEICO, Google Pixel, Monday Night Football, NFL+, Popeyes, ShipStation, Subway, T-Mobile, Volkswagen (5)|10. The Rings of Power, The Woman King (3)|

***WINS (Most Commercials A Brand has aired in a game)***

1. Toyota (6)
2. Mercedes-Benz (5)
3. AT&amp;T, LA Brea, Monday Night Football, Progressive, Quantum Leap, Verizon (2)
4. Behr, Burger King, Capital One, DraftKings, FanDuel, KFC, Little Caesars, Lowe's, NFL Shop, NHL on ESPN, ShipStation, Subway, Volkswagen, Walmart, WingStop (1)

***Q&amp;A***

* You make it easier to get through some of these ""prime time"" snoozefests.
   * We really at all-time new lows lol.
* Do Prime broadcasts typically have fewer commercials?
   * Yes.
* Do you have a API with this data? It would be cool to mess with the data
   * Just the Google Sheets, that is in the intro.
* Now do how much time of my life is wasted by political ads.
   * A lot.
* Do you keep historical data? I'd honestly be interested in seeing amount of commercials per break, and total time per break over the years.
   * [2019](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/107BWKLaUhn0VzdTw4HOSyExzehVLvWU8lgtot-o92wM/edit?usp=sharing) / [2020](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1yTVuudl2nnyoLMoYazlKo6We9Z6UCtksqWEUu_-l_CU/edit?usp=sharing) / [2021](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cDbCJ6Tb3KwTEwSmT5l7vbEYpyi1WRLfsnKdX_MkxHA/edit?usp=sharing) / [2022](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/147yAWKBby2T-NUvLqgwoJNtaA1fYG66pUoVgXUHIPx8/edit?usp=sharing)
* You can make it all fancy and get karma in [/r/dataisbeautiful](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful)
   * There was an attempt, and it was quite a failure. If y'all wanna try it, you can. Just credit me please!
* NUMBER OF PEOPLE WHO CARE: 0
   * If it was that low, I wouldn't be doing this
* Wow…NBC is *really* pushing their Not-Lost show hard, aren’t they?
   * That or Quantum Leap. I'm not gonna watch either of them.
* We live in a consumerist nightmare, but I love watching football
   * What is ""Watching a 2022 Russell Wilson Primetime Game""?
* Really? No Honda Commercial?
   * I don't always get the same exact commercials as everybody else + Honda can count as local, as it may be local to you.
* Why do you like commercials so much?  Do you take bathroom breaks when the gameplay starts?  What's your deal man?
   * I don't like them. I just count them. Some of them are cool tho. Yes, and I have taken some during the game. That's how committed I am. Uhhhh. No Deal?
* How did you do this
* Phone Stopwatch, TV, Google Sheets, Doggo. I think it's the doggo.
* Your commercial count for ESPN might be the most different compared to other networks.
   * You are correct though, local commercials, sometimes telecasted to ABC, etc.
* How are you counting? Where do you store these stats?
   * By tracking what shows on my TV?
* what is the average commercial time per game ?
   * 44:49

***NOTE FROM*** /u/pterodaktyl4:

So, I did not enjoy the 50-burger put on us.... it's never been that bad, I can't even blame the season low from the 1st Quarter, they've shown less commercials beforehand. So, that was not fun to track. Especially on a Cowboys game...",Week 6 Commercial Counter Round-Up
150,nfl,,"[Schneidman] Aaron Rodgers on if he's still having fun: ""I wake up in the morning thinking about this. I go to bed at night dreaming about what plays I can make up to piss Matt off. This has been my love since I was 5 years old and still love waking up every day knowing I'm coming into 1265."""
151,nfl,,[Mahler] “I wouldn’t want that job if I were tied to Russell Wilson.” @ProFootballTalk on Sean Payton being the next HC in Denver WOW!!
152,nfl,Just thought this was interesting. Very competitive. Could see 3 playoff teams from here.,AFC East is the only division where no team is below .500 right now
153,nfl,,Customized Graphic Lamar Jackson Jersey 🔥🔥🔥
154,nfl,,Customized Graphic Josh Allen Jersey🔥🔥🔥
155,nfl,,[NFL] Two @MiamiDolphins in the top 5 receiving yards leaders. 🐆🐧
156,nfl,,[NFL.com] Cowboys QB Dak Prescott (thumb) medically cleared to play
157,nfl,,"[Anderson] I’m also told the current recovery window for #Cardinals WR Marquise Brown (foot) is ‘4-6 weeks,’ per league sources. Brown has a chipped bone around the arch area. Second opinion done via renowned foot specialist, Dr. Robert Anderson."
158,nfl,[deleted],my
159,nfl,,"[Stevens] For a second-straight press conference, Russell Wilson did NOT say “Broncos Country, Let’s Ride” at the end of his presser"
160,nfl,,official ranking on how cool I think the logo is
161,nfl,,WAKA FLOCKA FLAME Slams Charlamagne &amp; Channing for Russell Wilson Slander
162,nfl,"#All-time:

|Rank|Player|Games|
|-:|:-|-:|
|1|Marshall Faulk|41|
|**2**|**Christian McCaffrey**|**24**|
|3|LaDainian Tomlinson|23|
|3|Tiki Barber|23|
|5|Le'Veon Bell|21|
|5|Ricky Watters|21|
|5|Thurman Thomas|21|

____
____

#Active:

|Rank|Player|Games|
|-:|:-|-:|
|**1**|**Christian McCaffrey**|**24**|
|2|Le'Veon Bell|21|
|3|Alvin Kamara|15|
|4|Austin Ekeler|13|
|5|Ezekiel Elliott|12|
|5|Melvin Gordon|12|
|7|Kareem Hunt|7|
|8|Joe Mixon|6|
|8|Leonard Fournette|6|
|8|Dalvin Cook|6|","Christian McCaffrey has 24 games with 50+ rushing yards, and 50+ receiving. Good for the 2nd most such games in NFL history."
163,nfl,,UnTHportmanlike on TikTok
164,nfl,"This was back on May 1st (Marietta, GA)",Tyreek Hill came to my flag football game
165,nfl,,[Lombardi] Here’s the club Jimmie Ward will be practicing with on his broken hand. He hopes to play in 49ers-Chiefs
166,nfl,,"[Bell] A reminder that progression through the protocol is non-linear. It’s entirely possible to move through multiple phases in a day. Also, UPMC has one of the premiere sports concussion centers in the country (recently served as consultants for clearing Tua)."
167,nfl,,"[Gehlken]As expected, Cowboys QB Dak Prescott (thumb) “has been cleared medically to be a full participant,” coach Mike McCarthy said today. Prescott threw Tuesday. Will have workout with perimeter players after today’s walkthrough and “probably throw somewhere between 40 and 50 balls.”"
168,nfl,,College Football and NFL HOFer Charley Trippi has passed at 100.
169,nfl,,College Football and NFL HOFer Charliey Trippi has passed at 100.
170,nfl,This is something I’m wondering,Is there a way to archive old games?
171,nfl,,[Adam Schefter] Ravens’ QB Lamar Jackson was limited at practice today due to a hip injury and TE Mark Andrews did not practice due to a knee injury.
172,nfl,"#What is passing Net Yards over Average (pNYoA)? 

It is the total additional or fewer passing yards a QB earns when comparing each pass attempt at the respective down, distance, and field position to the league average over the last five seasons. Minimum 100 pass attempts .

e.g. If the league average pass attempt on first and 10 at the 50 yard line is 7.5 and a QB throws a pass attempt on 1st and 10 from the 50 that gains 12 yards the QB would earn a +4.5 for the throw.

Let's be honest we're all just going to scroll to our own QBs to see if this chart fits our own narratives.


|	Player	|		Club	|	Passing NYoA	|
|	:-	|	:-:		|	-:	|
|	Josh Allen	|	[](/BUF)	BUF	|	405.83	|
|	Patrick Mahomes	|	[](/KC)	KC	|	279.79	|
|	Jalen Hurts	|	[](/PHI)	PHI	|	230.38	|
|	Tua Tagovailoa	|	[](/MIA)	MIA	|	153.93	|
|	Jimmy Garoppolo	|	[](/SF)	SF	|	137.21	|
|	Jared Goff	|	[](/DET)	DET	|	110.65	|
|	Geno Smith	|	[](/SEA)	SEA	|	86.54	|
|	Mac Jones	|	[](/NE)	NE	|	82.84	|
|	Lamar Jackson	|	[](/BAL)	BAL	|	59.25	|
|	Marcus Mariota	|	[](/ATL)	ATL	|	53.37	|
|	Justin Herbert	|	[](/LAC)	LAC	|	52.25	|
|	Tom Brady	|	[](/TB)	TB	|	51.54	|
|	Ryan Tannehill	|	[](/TEN)	TEN	|	17.67	|
|	Joe Burrow	|	[](/CIN)	CIN	|	-4.3	|
|	Jameis Winston	|	[](/NO)	NO	|	-40.25	|
|	Trevor Lawrence	|	[](/JAX)	JAX	|	-47.24	|
|	Matthew Stafford	|	[](/LAR)	LA	|	-49.69	|
|	Cooper Rush	|	[](/DAL)	DAL	|	-55.16	|
|	Jacoby Brissett	|	[](/CLE)	CLE	|	-56.03	|
|	Russell Wilson	|	[](/DEN)	DEN	|	-69.89	|
|	Derek Carr	|	[](/OAK)	LV	|	-77.52	|
|	Matt Ryan	|	[](/IND)	IND	|	-78.48	|
|	Kirk Cousins	|	[](/MIN)	MIN	|	-94.98	|
|	Daniel Jones	|	[](/NYG)	NYG	|	-122.4	|
|	Mitchell Trubisky	|	[](/PIT)	PIT	|	-133.62	|
|	Davis Mills	|	[](/HOU)	HOU	|	-143.54	|
|	Aaron Rodgers	|	[](/GB)	GB	|	-165.55	|
|	Baker Mayfield	|	[](/CAR)	CAR	|	-192.14	|
|	Justin Fields	|	[](/CHI)	CHI	|	-196.72	|
|	Joe Flacco	|	[](/NYJ)	NYJ	|	-202.58	|
|	Carson Wentz	|	[](/WAS)	WAS	|	-230.06	|
|	Kyler Murray	|	[](/ARI)	ARI	|	-385.94	|

Again to review this means that Josh Allen's 1980 passing yards is ~405 yard more than the average from the last five seasons when considering down, distance, and filed position while Kyler Murray's 1463 passing yards is ~386 yards fewer than the average from the previous five seasons while considering the down, distance, and field position.

What does it mean? Nothing. I just think it's neat.",2022 Pass Net Yardage over Average (Weeks 1 - 6)
173,nfl,,The entire broadcasting might of CBS couldn’t source a pic of Mahomes with his eyes open?
174,nfl,,"[Furones] Can someone explain to me how Kenny Pickett was able to participate fully in practice on Wednesday while in concussion protocol from Sunday but Teddy Bridgewater, without a concussion and due to an alleged stumble, had to be limited until Friday last week?"
175,nfl,,"[David Furones] Can someone explain to me how Kenny Pickett was able to participate fully in practice on Wednesday while in concussion protocol from Sunday but Teddy Bridgewater, without a concussion and due to an alleged stumble, had to be limited until Friday last week?"
176,nfl,,For nudes add me up on snap Lauramac467
177,nfl,Stats via [ESPN](https://www.espn.com/nfl/stats/team),"The Bills lead the league in total yards through Week 6 with 2,645. Josh Allen HIMSELF sits in 7th place with 2,237."
178,nfl,,"[Rapoport] #Packers QB Aaron Rodgers, dealing with a right thumb injury, officially did not practice today."
179,nfl,"Arthur Smith wins:

2021:

17-14 @NYG

27-20 vs NYJ

30-28 @ MIA

27-25 @ NO

21-14 @ JAX

29-21 @ CAR

20-16 vs DET

2022:

27-23 @ SEA

23-20 vs CLE

**28-14 vs SF**

In addition, this was the first game played by the Falcons this season to be decided by multiple possessions, regardless of winner",Sunday's 28-14 win over the 49ers was Arthur Smith's first of his 10 wins to be decided by multiple possessions
180,nfl,,Cowboys QB Cooper Rush loses both on and off the field after wife's viral story
181,nfl,,[Titans] Happy Homecoming
182,nfl,"You are a defensive coordinator of a team with a normal roster construction. The offense you're facing off against is made entirely of 300+ lb offensive lineman. They utilize a two-tiered offensive line. Six up front, but a secondary offensive line that can generate push up the middle, and protect the edges. Every play, they direct snap to the ballcarrier who will be the most agile of the 300+ lb men. They just plow ahead for a few yards every play, all the way down the field. How do you stop them? See offensive formations below:  


   O   O   O   O   O  
O     O         O   O   O  
O",How do you stop this offense?
183,nfl,,"[NFL] According to NFL.com, Arizona Cardinals go into their TNF matchup against the Saints ranked the identically in Offense, Defense, Passing, and Rushing (#14)"
184,nfl,,Joe Schad on Twitter - There was a point I was unconscious. I remember the entire night up until the point I got tackled. I don’t remember being carted off. I do remember some things from the ambulance and the hospital. - Tua
185,nfl,,"[Eric Flack] Just talked to Drew Shipley, the @Commanders fan whose $14kprize check from the team bounced after winning the 50/50 raffle week 1. The team paid him what he was owed this afternoon but he remains stunned. “Who am I supposed to talk to? Am I supposed to call Dan Snyder myself?”"
186,nfl,"Emmitt Smith is not the greatest running back of all-time, just because he holds the yardage record.  I put Sanders, Payton and Brown ahead of him just for starters.",Greatest running back in NFL history?
187,nfl,,"[Rapoport] The #Saints have ruled out WR Michael Thomas, WR Jarvis Landry, CB Marshon Lattimore, OG Andrus Peat and TE Adam Trautman for Thursday night's game against the #AZCardinals."
188,nfl,,"[Eagles Nation] Jason Kelce, Jordan Mailata, and Lane Johnson are dropping a Christmas album “A Philly Special Christmas” on 12/23, with covers of all of your favorite Holiday classics."
189,nfl,"Arizona over NO

CIN over ATL

Baltimore over CLE

DAL over Detroit

GB over WSH

INDY over Ten

NYG over Jax

Tampa over Carolina

LV over Houston

NJY over Denver

KC over San Fran

LAC over Seattle

Miami over Pitt

NE over Chi",Week 7 Picks - overall record 53-43 2022 Season
190,nfl,,[CBS Sports HQ] Lowest Comp Pct Allowed This Season Min. 30 Att Chidobe Awuzie 35.7% Sauce Gardner 39.4% James Bradberry 41.5%
191,nfl,,Joe Burrow and Breece Hall are your FedEx Air and Ground Players of the week!
192,nfl,,[Buffalo Bills] Where will OBJ land?! 👀
193,nfl,,Watch Video: A Fan Of The Philadelphia Eagles Runs Out Of The Tunnel With The Team In This Viral Video! - The Sports Giant
194,nfl,"

Hello everyone!

We're back for week 6 of Memorability Rankings.

According to some feedback, I'm changing the name of the lowest tier of game from ""not worth watching"" to ""forgettable."" The point of this change is to emphasize that a game doesn't necessarily need to be good to be memorable, as the Broncos have shown time and time again this season.

Thanks for participating.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
#Criteria

The criteria I came up with is as follows:


##1. **Forgettable**
Essentially, nothing of note in the grand scheme of things happened. Only fans on the winning team will care about this game in 8 months and even they might have already forgotten what happened. A boring game.


##2. **Regular game**
Most games should land in this ranking. Some players had a good statistical performance and there was some good football worth watching. But at the end of the day, it doesn’t stand out when comparing with other games.


##3. **Memorable game**
This game will be remembered throughout the season with most fans easily being able to recall several plays and moments from the game. It helps if the game has a strong narrative attached to it or if it happened in primetime. The exact same game is more memorable if played in the Divisional Round as opposed to at 1pm EST with Andrew Catalon and Spero Dedes. Games with a crazy finish, huge upsets, and amazing plays. Some examples of games fit for this category:

- Josh Allen hurdles Vikings defenders in huge upset
- Bears ruin Brett Favre night in Lambeau
- Antonio Brown extends at the goal line against the Ravens
- Nick Foles throws 7 touchdowns
- Niners win the division by stopping the Seahawks one yard short
- Colts lose to Jags on clown day to miss the playoffs
- Rodgers throws 2 Hail Marys and Fitzgerald goes crazy in overtime
- Seahawks tie Cardinals 6-6 in wacky game


##4. **Hall of Fame**
A game that will still be brought up in decades. NFL fans will easily remember this game in 10 years. Non-NFL fans might have even heard of this game. You barely need more than 2 words for people to know what game you’re talking about. Again, if the game happens during the Super Bowl, it’s more memorable than if it happens in week 4. Some examples:

- 28-3
- Immaculate reception
- DIGGS!
- Helmet Catch
- The Catch
- The Drive
- 13 seconds

Voting ends Friday afternoon.



-------------------------------------------------

#Results

[Week 1](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/xgrjgx/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_1/)

[week 2](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/xmv9mq/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_2/)

[Week 3](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/xt5v3e/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_3/)

[Week 4](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/xyvdia/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_4/)

[Week 5](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/y4poyw/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_5/)

------------------------------------------------",r/NFL votes on how Memorable games are - Week 6
195,nfl,[removed],r/NFL votes on how Memorable games are - Week 6
196,nfl,,"[Jim Irsay] “…You gotta stand,for something…or you’re gonna fall..for anything…”. JM🙏🏼"
197,nfl,,"[Stevens] Russell Wilson: “In these moments, it takes unwavering belief… I KNOW we have that in this team.”"
198,nfl,,[Klis] Russell Wilson said his hamstring is feeling better. Said he’s a Fast healer. Said “he’s hoping” to play Sunday vs Jets.
199,nfl,,[Stevens] Russell Wilson said his hamstring is getting better by the day: “I heal quick. It’s Wolverine blood or something”
200,nfl,,[Baldwin] When do NFL coaches start going for 4th downs? -- Very infrequently in the 1st quarter regardless of how bad they're losing -- More often in 2nd/3rd quarters especially when trailing big -- Much more often in 4th quarter
201,nfl,,"[Klis] Hackett not only talked with Melvin Gordon, he said he would start vs Jets."
202,nfl,"Considering creating a new streaming service that allows you to choose the cable TV channels and streaming services you want and only pay for what you pick. No more buying sports packages or channels, you don't want. What do you think?",New Idea
203,nfl,Love the other Q Williams brother,Quincy Williams UNREAL HIT on Aaron Jones
204,nfl,[removed],New Sports Streaming Service
205,nfl,Hey guys I’m currently trying to find out if the Falcons game will be on the local channel here in Jamaica. Can anyone help me with that? I see on the USA map that the southern tip of Florida will be playing it so I’m hoping that means I will get it also. Any input would be great thanks!,Local game in Jamaica?
206,nfl,,[Paul Dehner Jr.] Wow. Zac Taylor says Logan Wilson is day to day and he’s not even ruling him out for Sunday.
207,nfl,,"[Orlovsky] The Broncos really struggle to operate on offense. And one thing that stands out to me, amongst many—Hackett was part of a ton ton ton of motion in Green Bay. The Broncos don’t motion AT ALL. Why?"
208,nfl,"Right now, I truly believe he is currently the best of those three quarterbacks, and with otherwise neutral teams, to save my life, I’m putting my life in the hands of Danny Dimes. Would be interesting to hear your guys’ perspectives.","If I need to win a game to save my life, and my QB options are Kyler Murray, Russell Wilson, and Daniel Jones. I’m taking Danny Dimes."
209,nfl,,"[Roark] From NextGen Stats: Baron Browning sacked Justin Herbert in 2.70 seconds (from snap to sack) on MNF, tied for the 5th fastest sack this week. The Broncos defense averages the fastest time to sack (3.76 seconds) in the NFL this season, and only unit under four seconds."
210,nfl,https://twitter.com/pff_moo/status/1582767064938598400?s=46&amp;t=Hh6sre1fX1b4BLlWiFYa6Q,[Riske] Dropback outcomes after week 6 (under pressure)
211,nfl,,*Follow 4 Follow * 🎮👾 #PathToAffiliate *UPVOTE* Let’s make this a long list!! Thanks in advance!! #F4F Streaming Madden often
212,nfl,[removed],"I’ve never been a sports fan and I’ve decided to go with Football, what and where would be the place to start to really get into it?"
213,nfl,,"[Jhabvala] From a Commanders spokesperson, regarding the check that bounced for the fan who won the 50/50 raffle in Week 1"
214,nfl,"Justin Herbert is an elite QB with the worst OC in the league. Joe Lombardi was the OC for the 0-16 Lions with Stafford. Herbert had broken the rookie touchdowns record---yet has never made the playoff.

There are talks around NFL Reddit that while Herbert is a great QB, he not in the same league as Allen and Mahomes. It just frustrating because Herbert is on Mahomes level (but less experience). Herbert has never had even average coaching in his career. He had Lynn and now Staley. He never had an Andy Reid, Sean McVay, Sean Payton, Kyle Shanahan, etc.

Mahomes would not have reached the same height without Alex Smith mentoring and Andy Reid play-calling at such an **accelerated pace.** Mahomes is great but he was put into the absolute picture-perfect situation for a QB, perhaps in NFL history.",Great QBs can't overcome bad coaching
215,nfl,,[Timo Riske] Dropback outcomes after week 6 (under pressure)
216,nfl,,Tom Brady compares slog of NFL season to military deployment
217,nfl,,[Keefer] Shaquille Leonard has returned to practice today for the Colts.
218,nfl,,[Garafolo] Sammy Watkins back to practice today for the #Packers. His 21-day window to be activated off IR is open. Matt LaFleur says it's not yet clear if he'll play this weekend. They have to see what kind of shape he's in.
219,nfl,,[Bleacher Report] “There was a point where I was unconscious. I couldn’t tell what was going on.” Tua Tagovailoa says he doesn’t remember being tackled and stretchered out following his concussion vs. the Bengals
220,nfl,,« H2 Green Steel » raises $260 Million to Build Low Emissions Steel Plant
221,nfl,,"[Russell]Fan that actually won the 50/50 rafll, just called in &amp; confirmed in his words that a check for $14 K bounced. He said he has pics of check &amp; it was from ""Washington Football Charitable Foundation"" as a display logo."
222,nfl,,"[Russell] Fan called in &amp; confirmed in his words that a check for $14 K bounced. He said he has pics of check &amp; it was from ""Washington Football Charitable Foundation"" as a display logo."
223,nfl,,"[DougKye] Congrats, @PFF_Brad and @robertmays. The 2022 Chicago Bears are the greatest football team ever assembled."
224,nfl,,[Ferraro] Interesting from Tua on what’s he’s learned about concussions: he says he’s learned that QBs are less susceptible to CTE than players who are constantly hitting at other positions. Even QBs who have six concussions or so.
225,nfl,,[SNFonNBC] There can only be one TE1. Who is it?
226,nfl,,[Elliot]: Charles Omenihu’s pressure rate in his first two seasons in Houston - 9.1% Omenihu’s pressure rate in 18 games for the 49ers - 14.3%
227,nfl,,[Reinhard] The Vikings have benefited more than any team from penalties in the first six weeks of the season. They've gained a net of nearly 3.0 expected points added per game!
228,nfl,,add her snap
229,nfl,[deleted],"Rookie sack leaders: T-1st #49ers Drake Jackson 3 sacks, 122 snaps T-1st #Lions Aidan Hutchinson 3 sacks, 295 snaps"
230,nfl,,The Existential Horror of Thursday Night Football
231,nfl,,Jim Irsay’s Comments Have Turned Up the Heat on Dan Snyder
232,nfl,,[Yates The Panthers have designated QB Sam Darnold to return from IR.
233,nfl,,[Panthers] Sam Darnold and Bravvion Roy designated to return from IR
234,nfl,,"(Sanchez): Rookie sack leaders: T-1st #49ers Drake Jackson 3 sacks, 122 snaps T-1st #Lions Aidan Hutchinson 3 sacks, 295 snaps"
235,nfl,[removed],r/NFL votes on how Memorable games are - Week 6
236,nfl,"In five of those redheadless QB seasons, former QB and current redhead Jason Garrett was their HC or AHC. 

Also worth noting Jerry Jones himself is a former redhead.","Since 1990, the Dallas Cowboys have only had eight seasons without a redhead QB on their roster."
237,nfl,,"[OC] After 6 weeks, the Eagles and Bills lead the league in time played with a win probability &gt; 95%. While the Commanders and Cardinals lead the league in time with a win probability of less than 5%."
238,nfl,,"[Fowler] LB Logan Wilson re-injured shoulder injury from 2021, which required surgery, but newest injury is not as severe, and Cincy is optimistic about his eventual return, per source. Around 2-5 weeks considered a fair window of return. Zac Taylor calling injury week-to-week"
239,nfl,,[Siciliano] Tua says he remember everything up to the hit in Cincinnati. He doesn't remember getting carted off. He does have some memories from the ambulance.
240,nfl,,"[Menon] Highest % of snaps in 2-high pre-snap: Vikings, Broncos, Chiefs Lowest % of snaps in 2-high pre-snap: Patriots, Cowboys, Giants"
241,nfl,,[Siciliano] Tua says he remember everything up to the hit in Cincinnati. He doesn't remember getting carted off. He does have some memories from the ambulance.
242,nfl,,[Reinhard] One of my favorites! Completion Percentage Over Expected (CPOE) &amp; target rate for CBs so far in 2022.
243,nfl,My team is the worst,Week 7 Complaint Thread
244,nfl,What is your favorite BIG play you've seen all year?,Most exciting play you've seen this season?
245,nfl,,[Kyed] Highest graded rookies on @PFF: DEFENSE: Patriots CB Jack Jones: 90.5 Eagles DT Jordan Davis: 77.7 Browns CB Martin Emerson: 74.9 Jets CB Sauce Gardner: 73.2 Seahawks CB Tariq Woolen: 71.7 49ers CB Samuel Womack: 71.4 Lions S Kerby Joseph: 71.2
246,nfl,,[Kyed] Highest graded rookies on @PFF: OFFENSE: Falcons WR Drake London: 82.5 Saints WR Chris Olave: 79.7 Giants TE Daniel Bellinger: 75.9 Falcons RB Tyler Allgeier: 75.2 Jets WR Garrett Wilson: 75.1 Texans RB Dameon Pierce: 75.1 Patriots QB Bailey Zappe: 72.7
247,nfl,,"[Mays] Fields (3rd) and Rodgers (8th) are also top-10 in the percentage of their attempts that travel 20+ yards in the air. It's screens or horizontal nonsense, mixed with desperation heaves."
248,nfl,"In 2018, the Chiefs and Rams played in one of the greatest NFL games of all time, ending with an insane final score of 54-51.

Every year since, there has always been at least one game that has seen both teams score almost as many points and stand out compared to all other games that year in terms of intensity, just like the Chiefs-Rams game.

In my opinion, the successors of the Chiefs-Rams game from 2019 to 2021 (as 2022 is still ongoing) are:

&amp;#x200B;

2019: The 49ers-Saints game. Both teams were fighting for dominance of the NFC (and the Packers were there too, I guess), and once these two high-flying offenses met it was a bloodbath. The defense was non-existant, but the Saints would've gotten the win were it not for George Kittle's monstrous drive down the field that put the 49er's in field goal range to win the game 49-46, which proved crucial in letting the 49er's get the #1 seed.

&amp;#x200B;

2020: The Browns-Ravens game. Poop jokes aside, this match that initially seemed like Baltimore had it in the bag soon turned into a slobberknocker following Lamar's bowel issues, with both teams' defenses going into the toilets as the Browns crapped out TD's to narrow the score. However, the return of Lamar plus Justin Tucker's OP kicking let them barely win 47-42, despite a wild last-ditch effort by the Browns at the end.

&amp;#x200B;

2021: The Bills-Chiefs NFC Championship. It doesn't get much better than this, and despite the ""low"" score of less than 80 combined points, that doesn't do justice to the intensity and wildness of this match. The fact that a coin decided the winner showed the sheer talent of both Mahomes and Allen, leading to the true start of what will no doubt be one of football's best QB rivalries. 

&amp;#x200B;

So far as of 2022 I can't seem to find any match that fits this due to all the chaos and sloppy performances from usually-good teams.

&amp;#x200B;

What do you think?","The 2018 Chiefs-Rams game, and its successors."
249,nfl,"We already know Denver and Seattle, but I think its time to figure out what his catchphrase would be for every team if he was traded to that team. I’ll start it off with my Jets:

“Jets City, Let’s Fly!”",Russell Wilson’s catchphrase for every team
250,nfl,"I know something is wrong with it because it's obviously not working, and while russ has declined, he's simply not as bad as we are seeing at the present.

I'd like to know the nuances and details of why Hacketts play calling is poor and what mistakes he's making.",I am a very new fan who only followed the sport and this team about a month before the season started so my NFL and football knowledge is bare basics. Can someone explain to me what is wrong with Hackett's play calling in a tactical level? Can someone explain what he's doing wrong?
251,nfl,"Have a friend in the Jets org who tells me stuff sometimes. Every time I ask if I can post it and he says no. This is the first time he said yes, so I’m posting it. Call me a liar but just wait.",Elijah Moore has requested a trade after leaving practice today. It will come out soon.
252,nfl,,Anyone know this signature?
253,nfl,,[Silverstein] #Packers OC Adam Stenavich said it's clear that Elgton Jenkins is not back to form yet coming back from a torn ACL and needs time to get to the level he was playing at before he was hurt. Moving to right tackle has been another challenge for him.
254,nfl,,[PFF] Most coverage snaps without allowing a TD among rookie CBs this season
255,nfl,,Eagles!!!
256,nfl,"# Introduction

[Adjusted Games Lost](https://www.footballoutsiders.com/stat-analysis/2022/agl-injury-numbers-point-ravens-rebound-2022) (AGL) is a metric created by Football Outsiders to measure the aggregate impact of injuries on a given team for a given season. They publish new data for the metric every season, so a person with too much free time can use google, inspect element, and an HTML-CSV converter to put all the data in Google Sheets.

I, my friends, am that person with too much free time. This [google sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1daD7BaSXtAtbk-wdUNunK_JRHcw7WCU_DaFKyi9OsRs/edit?usp=sharing) has the past decade's worth of AGL data. Feel free to play around with it. 

*Note that all credit goes to Football Outsiders; none of this is my intellectual property. I just think it's fun to check up on narratives with numbers.* 

*Also please note that, as a 49ers fan and Rams hater, this research confirms my hypothesis that I want to die. I tried to avoid letting this conclusion bias my analysis.* 

# Quick Facts

**Most-injured season in the past decade**: The **2021-22 Baltimore Ravens**. (In context, an 8-9 record for this team doesn't look too bad, huh?)

**Least-injured season in the past decade:** The **2017-18 Los Angeles Rams**. (This team went 11-5 and lost in the wildcard, wasting a truly remarkable run of health).

**Most-injured teams in the past decade:** Many teams have had bad injury luck for a couple season, but most regress to the mean eventually (around 74 AGL). Looking at the data, there are two major outliers: the **Washington Commies** (avg: \~109 AGL) and the **San Francisco 49ers** (avg: \~102 AGL). No other teams averaged even 92 Adjusted Games Lost over the past decade, making these teams true outliers. In the 49ers' case, recent seasons have dragged that average up (their 2020-21 season was the second-worst in the decade behind only the 2021-22 Ravens, and their 2021-22 season was also pretty terrible). The Redsnyders have been more consistently terrible, with jaw-droppingly bad seasons in 2013-14, 2015-16, 2017-18, and 2019-20. Trent Williams may have made a good decision to escape that medical staff (but a bad one when picking his destination; as a Niners fan, I'm not complaining).

**Least-injured teams in the past decade:** The **Los Angeles Rams** (avg: \~50 AGL) and **Atlanta Falcons** (avg: \~52 AGL) have been exceptionally good at keeping their players healthy; no other teams averaged less than 58 AGL. The Rams healthiness, of course, was punctuated by that 2017-18 season (though they've generally been solid). The Falcons also had a phenomenal 2017-18 season in terms of injuries and have also been generally solid.

It's worth noting that over this fairly large sample size of a decade, injuries don't really ""even out""; the most-injured teams have around TWICE as many games lost as the least-injured teams

# Looking At The Data

This is a graph of the every team's average adjusted games lost over the past decade:

https://preview.redd.it/5rpyq76z51v91.png?width=600&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7a03e4be5d90de0c9c179add3680a47df8ed1057

You can see the outliers I pointed out above popping slightly at the left and right sides, with the majority of teams falling between 60-80 Adjusted Games Lost per season.

This is certainly interesting information, but most teams have had a high level of turnover in the last 10 years. Is evaluating a more recent sample more relevant? I have a graph that might help answer that.

**Recency-Weighted Average**

This graph takes an average of all 10 seasons, but weights more recent seasons more heavily. The 2021 season is ""full weight"" (1x), with the 2020 season having a weight of 0.9x, 2019 having a weight of 0.8x, 2018 having a weight of 0.7x, and so on. Is this statistically rigorous? ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯, but it gives you a quick way to see the relative ""injury-proneness"" of teams with an emphasis on recent data. 

https://preview.redd.it/gijowzam71v91.png?width=600&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7126748c6fa9db3bbf9186c51bb85bb20f364ef7

Not much really changes! The Rams and Falcons are still the healthiest teams, and the Commandos and 49ers are still the unhealthiest. One big shift - the **Jets have gotten much worse** injury luck recently, joining the aforementioned teams in the 105+ AGL category.

What if we want to visualize the progression of teams injury frequency over time? Let's take a look at the difference between the recency-weighted and general average to see which teams have gotten better (and worse) at this in recent years:

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/z2p63l6691v91.png?width=600&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=3dc778d09458a10efe8bd400f3528cf6d938cd3c

On average, the league has gotten slightly worse (the average difference between the weighted and unweighted AGL/season was \~2, which means more recent years have had higher rates of injury). 

Some teams have gotten especially **worse**: the aforementioned **Jets**, of course, along with the **Broncos**, **Eagles**, **Ravens**, and (sigh) **49ers**. 

Teams that have bucked the trend with **better** injury luck recently include the **Bucs**, **Titans**, **Bills**, **Chiefs**, and **Dolphins**; perhaps not coincidentally, these franchises have broadly improved their general reputation over the past decade.

# Takeaways

I have nothing, really. I just wanted to point out some cool free open-access data so I made a post. I really wish the Niners could get their shit together on the medical staff. Also fuck Dan Snyder, when the owners kick him out of the league, someone should send him a washington state commanders mug filled with raw stadium sewage.",[OC] Analyzing Adjusted Games Lost For The Past Decade (or: Finding Out If Some Teams Really Are Injury-Prone)
257,nfl,Independently verified via a random San Francisco Subway franchise: [https://order.subway.com/en-US/restaurant/6985-0/menu/category/819](https://order.subway.com/en-US/restaurant/6985-0/menu/category/819),"[@NFLOnBread] Russell Wilson's ""Dangerwich"" has been removed from the Subway Vault after weeks of viral memes and backlash."
258,nfl,"Tariq Woolen had TWO interceptions in his career at UTSA, once each in his final two seasons

As everyone knows, he's had 4 in 4 games

Source: [https://www.sports-reference.com/cfb/players/tariq-woolen-1.html](https://www.sports-reference.com/cfb/players/tariq-woolen-1.html)",Tariq Woolen doubled his all time career college interception total in 4 weeks as an NFL rookie
259,nfl,,"[Dan Orlovsky] “When Tua was playing, this was the number one offense in the NFL..since Tua has not been playing over the last 2 &amp; a half weeks it’s the 29th offense in the NFL. I’m so excited to watch Tua come back. This is one of the best teams we had in the league when he was playing.”"
260,nfl,,Anyone know this signature? I believe it's a retired Eagles team member.
261,nfl,,[Kawakami] There's an increasing sense that the 49ers are leading contenders -- maybe the lead contenders -- to land Christian McCaffrey.
262,nfl,,Broncos QB Rypien gets reps with Wilson limited
263,nfl,,Bezos on Thursday nights
264,nfl,,[Saints] Paulson Adebo is inactive for tonight's game
265,nfl,,"[Terrell] Saints missing CB 1 and 2, QB1, WR 1 and 2, a starting G and one of their main TEs. In addition to a KR and a backup DB on IR."
266,nfl,,114 days until the bills lose to the nfc east in the superbowl
267,nfl,,"[Sports Illustrated] Drew Shipley won the money on September 11 but didn’t receive the check for $14,822 until October 13. He then went to his credit union to deposit the check, but it was bounced four days later. His bank account went negative and, on top of that, he owed a $15 back check fee"
268,nfl,"This is a close derivative of the ""never had a losing season"" stat that everyone knows, but it still helps to put that accomplishment into perspective. What this means is, only one of his 15 seasons ended (in terms of playoff contention) before the final week. Here are his 5 non-playoff seasons up to this point:

- **2009**: alive heading into week 17 (albeit barely), won their game, but was eliminated 4 hours later when the Ravens won.

- **2012**: eliminated after a loss to the Bengals in week 16, thus week 17 vs the Browns was meaningless.

- **2013**: the almost-historic playoff comeback where he needed 9 results in the last 2 weeks to break his way to sneak in, and 8 of them did. As is, he was eliminated 4 hours after his last game on a missed Ryan Succop field goal.

- **2018**: the AB blowup season. Yet again he needed to win and the Ravens to lose; he won, the Ravens did not lose, and he was eliminated 20 or so minutes after his final game.

- **2019**: with a platoon of Mason Rudolph and Duck Hodges at QB, he was somehow in a position to sneak into the playoffs in week 17 provided he beats RG3-led Ravens and the Titans lost. Neither happened, so he was eliminated as soon as the whistle blew.

To be fair, this also speaks of how mediocre the middle tier of the AFC was at times - not often does a team that's 7-8 coming into week 17 still has a chance to sneak in.","Another mind-blowing Mike Tomlin stat: in the 15 full seasons he's coached, he's been in exactly one game (out of 239) that was meaningless in terms of the playoff race."
269,nfl,,on TikTok
270,nfl,"I sometimes see Nfl on the living room Tv and always see the 49ers playing so that’s the team I’ll root for, I want to know the best games in the nfl from the past

Also, can you tell me some players that were good in the past, I only know the current superstars like Tom Brady, Patrick Mahomes, Tyreke Hill, Josh Allen, Aaron Rodgers, and Odell.

The only rookie I know is Alec Pierce.",What nfl games should I watch from the past
271,nfl,"Check my post history. One of my close friends is really tight with the McCaffrey family. He’s almost landed in SF 2x, once this past offseason when they were working out a trade package involving Garoppolo.

He’s wanted to come back to the Bay Area for a while. The trade was being finalized this morning, all indications are that he will be suited to play against the Rams next week.",/r/NFL inside source: 49ers Landed Christian McCaffrey
272,nfl,As a Chiefs fan I’m hoping he isn’t an asshole.,Anyone ever meet Joe Montana? Is he a decent guy?
273,nfl,Who can blame them?,Subway removes Russell Wilson commercial.
274,nfl,,"[CBSSportsNetwork] “It is crystal clear, Josh Allen is better than Patrick Mahomes. The AFC runs through Buffalo. Sunday left no doubt about all the above.” —@AdamSchein on the @BuffaloBills"
275,nfl,"[New Orleans Saints](/r/saints#away) [at](#at) [Arizona Cardinals](/r/azcardinals#home)
[](/# ""GT-PRIMETIME"")


----

* State Farm Stadium
* Glendale, Arizona

----

######[](#start-box-score)



----

* Kickoff
* 

----

| | | | | | | |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| **CEST** | **BST** | **EDT** | **CDT** | **MDT** | **PDT** | **HST**  |
| 2:15 AM | 1:15 AM | 8:15 PM | 7:15 PM | 6:15 PM | 5:15 PM | 2:15 PM  |



######[](#end-box-score)

----

* General information
* 

----

| | |
| :-- | --: |
| **Coverage** | **Odds** |
| Prime Video | Arizona -2.5 O/U 43.5 |


| |
|:---|
| [How to replay the Game on Prime](https://i.redd.it/ld7tcrb2y3o91.jpg) |
| [TNF on Twitch](https://twitch.tv/primevideo) |
| [TNF Dude Perfect Stream](https://www.twitch.tv/primevideo_altstream) |
| [TNF En Español](https://www.twitch.tv/primevideo_espanol) |
| [TNF ""Prime Vision"" with Next Gen Stats](https://www.twitch.tv/primevision) |


 



----





----

* Thread Notes
* [Message The Moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl)

----

| |
| :-- | 
| Discuss whatever you wish. You can trash talk, but keep it civil. |
| If you are experiencing problems with comment sorting in the official reddit app, we suggest using a third-party client instead ([Android](/r/Android/comments/7ctdf4/lets_settle_this_randroid_what_is_the_best_reddit/), [iOS](/r/ios/comments/68odw1/what_is_the_best_reddit_app_for_ios/)) |
| Turning comment sort to ['new'](/r/nfl/comments/y9dsxx/game_thread_new_orleans_saints_24_at_arizona/?sort=new) will help you see the newest comments. |
| Try [Tab Auto Refresh](https://mybrowseraddon.com/tab-auto-refresh.html) to auto-refresh this tab. |
| Use [reddit-stream.com](http://reddit-stream.com/comments/y9dsxx) to get an autorefreshing version of this page |
| Check in on the r/nfl chat: **##rnfl** on Libera ([open in browser](https://web.libera.chat/?channels=##rnfl)). |
| Show your team affiliation - pick your team's logo in the sidebar. |",Game Thread: New Orleans Saints (2-4) at Arizona Cardinals (2-4)
276,nfl,,[Kendall Beck] “Jason Kelce before QB sneak: ‘you know what’s coming’”
277,nfl,,[Warner] What in the world did I just watch Panthers? I just watched a whole NFL game where they completed 2 passes beyond 1 yard past the line of scrimmage: 2!!! AND both of those passes were by backup QB… AND they totaled a WHOOPING 10 yrds!!!
278,nfl,Thursday Night Football,Tony Gonzalez on Kyler Murray
279,nfl,"I don’t know why I have this feeling, I just do.","I’m calling it right now. If Arizona loses tonight, Kliff will be fired either tomorrow or Saturday."
280,nfl,,Are you watching Tonight's Cardinals vs Saints Game?
281,nfl,,[Ari Meirov] Richard Sherman kept on making Call of Duty references when talking about Kyler Murray in the pregame show: “I bet he knows when a new map drops.”
282,nfl,,[Ari Meirov] Richard Sherman kept on making Call of Duty references when talking about Kyler Murray in the pregame show: “I bet he knows when a new map drops.”
283,nfl,Does anybody else think that they need to have a rule that says the opening kickoff has to be returnable? Every kickoff is so anticlimactic and is the worst way to build excitement for the rest of the game when it just Hits the back of the end zone and we move right into the offense.,Opening Kickoff
284,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton to Shaheed for the deep TD.
285,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton throws a 53-yd TD pass!
286,nfl,[removed],Why do I have NFL network ?
287,nfl,,Interesting exchange between Odell and Saquon 👀
288,nfl,,"[Meirov] Al Michaels after 3 minutes of non-stop offense: ""Is this Thursday Night Football?!?"" 😂"
289,nfl,,[NFL on CBS] Game minutes until first TNF touchdown: Saints @ Cardinals - 2:07 Commanders @ Bears - 37:44 Colts @ Broncos - N/A
290,nfl,,"[Pelissero] Rashid Shaheed tore his ACL last fall at Weber State, so he couldn't run the 40 or work out for NFL teams in the spring and went undrafted. The Saints gave him $222,000 guaranteed on a free-agent deal, and Shaheed now has 44-yard and 53-yard TDs on his first two NFL touches."
291,nfl,,"[Pelissero] Rashid Shaheed tore his ACL last fall at Weber State, so he couldn't run the 40 or work out for NFL teams in the spring and went undrafted. The Saints gave him $222,000 guaranteed on a free-agent deal ... and Shaheed now has 44- and 53-yard TDs on his first two NFL touches."
292,nfl,Is Rashid Shaheed the first player in NFL history to score a TD on their first handoff AND first reception?,Is Rashid Shaheed the first player in NFL history to score a TD on their first handoff AND first reception?
293,nfl,,Las Vegas judge sides with Ex-Raiders coach Jon Gruden amid NFL appeal
294,nfl,,SAINTS VS CARDINALS LIVE GAMEPLAY ANALYSIS
295,nfl,"  At this point the Jets deserve attention. They've been winning good games and seem solid on defense and the running game. When it comes to air yards, Elijah Moore was displeased with his involvement to this point in the season and has requested a trade.

  My thing is, you're a second year guy who has a lot of potential but needs much more time to prove your worth. Yes he's talented and would more likely than not be great on an established offensive team.

  To me it seems a bit conceited. There's no evidence as of yet that would say he would excel on a different team other than assumption. What do you guys think?",Thoughts on Elijah Moore requesting a trade?
296,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton's hot hand comes to a close as he's picked off in the endzone.
297,nfl,How is it that at this very moment I’m watching the Cardinals vs Saints and have Kyler and Kamara on my ESPN Fantasy team but they say “BYE”. I have a bad feeling I’m not getting the points for that,Please tell me why
298,nfl,When was the last time a player scored a touchdown on each of his first 2 career touches?,"Rashid Shaheed, 2 catches 2 touchdowns"
299,nfl,,[NFL Unlimited] The #Cardinals have been out scored 48-6 in the first quarter this year.
300,nfl,,[Highlight] Eno goes for a 45 yard run.
301,nfl,,[Yates] That 64-yard catch is the longest of Kevin White’s career. He was flying.
302,nfl,,[Highlight] Mr Do It All Taysom Hill gets the TD.
303,nfl,,[Highlight] Kevin White goes for 64 yards.
304,nfl,,[Highlight] Hopkins calms down Kyler Murray after yelling at Kliff
305,nfl,,[Highlight] Ingram gets in for the TD.
306,nfl,,[Highlight] Kyler Murray gets heated at Kliff before Hopkins calms him down
307,nfl,,[Venerable] Kyler Murray yelling expletives at his head coach Kliff Kingsbury there. Yikes.
308,nfl,,[Highlight] Kyler Murray and Kliff Kingsbury getting into it
309,nfl,,Another NFL Concussion?
310,nfl,,[Highlight] Calloway loses ahold of the ball and Wilson pick sixes it.
311,nfl,,"[Highlight] Marco Wilson, Shoe-Throwing, Pick-Sixing, Somersaulting cornerback"
312,nfl,,I believe I can fly!
313,nfl,,[Highlight] Wilson with an amazing flip on the pick six.
314,nfl,,Andy what’s going on behind you?
315,nfl,Anyone else catch this frame tonight?,Flying pick six
316,nfl,Dude scoring the flying pic 6 behind him,Classic dalton
317,nfl,,He didn’t even stay for the flip!
318,nfl,,Dalton after throwing a pick 6
319,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton throws another pick six.
320,nfl,,[Highlight] Andy Dalton frustrated as Marco Wilson flips into the end zone for the pick 6!
321,nfl,,[Ari Meirov on Twitter] #Cardinals interceptions Weeks 1-6: 2 #Cardinals interceptions in the first half tonight: 3
322,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton gets pick sixed again by Isaiah Simmons
323,nfl,,Gawd Damn
324,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton's frustration overshadowed by Wilson's flip.
325,nfl,,Dalton disgusted while Wilson flips in
326,nfl,,This shot of Dalton after he threw the pick 6 and Wilson front flips into the end zone
327,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton throws another pick six
328,nfl,,[Meirov] There were more points in the first half tonight (42) than the last two Thursday Night Football games combined (40).
329,nfl,,[Meirov] There were more points in the first half tonight (42) than the last two Thursday Night Football games combined (40).
330,nfl,,"[highlight] Two emotions, one clip."
331,nfl,,Mood
332,nfl,[removed],The Cardinals scored 22 points in 1:42
333,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton throws a second pick six
334,nfl,,[Highlight] This shot of Dalton after he threw the pick 6 and Wilson front flips into the end zone
335,nfl,"Last two- 40 (12,9,12,7)
This- 42 (28,14)

Along with this both teams at half then the Colts Broncos Bears and Commanders had the whole game.",This game at halftime already has more points than the last 2 TNF games combined
336,nfl,"42 points in this half while broncos-colts and commanders-bears combined for 40 points. We got al michaels going crazy about the amount of points scored and him even going into the 2 min warning break saying ""this is thursday night football and we have no punts!""",Cardinals-Saints first half has more points in the last two TNF games combined
337,nfl,,[Highlight] High quality Thursday
338,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton throws a second pick six. His third of the night
339,nfl,,Crazy picture during the Cardinals Saints game tonight
340,nfl,,[Gregg Rosenthal] It went from 14-6 Saints to 28-14 Cardinals in 102 seconds of gametime
341,nfl,,"[Next Gen Stats] Isaiah Simmons reached a top speed of 20.68 mph on his pick-six of Andy Dalton, the fastest speed by a linebacker as a ball carrier this season. Since 2020, Simmons has reached 20+ mph six times on plays from scrimmage, most among all LBs in that span."
342,nfl,,[Highlight] Dalton throws his second pick six of the night. Third interception in the first half
343,nfl,"In the last 150 seconds they had 22 points 

In their game against the Seahawks, Eagles and Chiefs they scored 9, 17 and 22 respectively.",The cardinals scored more points in the final 150 seconds of the 2nd half than they did in half of their entire games this year
344,nfl,[removed],Andy Dalton has thrown for 4 touchdowns in the first half…
345,nfl,"Points scored in the final 150 seconds- 22

In their games against the Eagles, Seahawks and Chiefs they scored 17, 9 and 21 respectively",The Cardinals scored more points in the final 150 seconds of the first half than they did in half of their games this year
346,nfl,,"[ArtButMakeItSports] Stigmatisation of Francis of Assisi by, Peter Paul Rubens, 16th century"
347,nfl,[removed],Incredible statistic: Rashid Shaheed has touched the ball twice in the NFL. He scored a Rushing TD and a Receiving TD on those two touches.
348,nfl,"It’s a 4-way tie between...

Eli Manning 2007

Joe Namath 1968

John Hadl 1971

Ed Baker 1972

[Here is the rest of the list](https://stathead.com/tiny/rgg9F)",The record for most Pick-6’s in a game is three
349,nfl,,Best Pick Ever?
350,nfl,,Daltons eye roll as Wilson flipps in to score behind him 🤣 🤣
351,nfl,,The Cardinals Defense is On One ♨️
352,nfl,,Dennis Allen’s approach to Andy Dalton’s 3 1st half INT’s
353,nfl,,[Highlight] Dennis Allen’s approach to Andy Dalton’s 3 1st half INT’s.
354,nfl,[removed],I just realized atlanta is so good at choking they choked getting a 1st pick 😂
355,nfl,,Welcome back indeed
356,nfl,,Who wants to tell them…
357,nfl,,[Highlight] Kyler Murray with a bullet to Greg Dortch for the TD
358,nfl,,All teams Shotgun vs under center ratio. Baltimore with the most snaps in shotgun and the Rams with most under center
359,nfl,[removed],Unpopular opinion: Stop the touchdown dances
360,nfl,,[Highlight] This angle of the Andy Dalton pick 6 is absolute gold
361,nfl,"Bad enough with the typo, but no one stopped them either.","FFS, AZ fans..."
362,nfl,"Remote control car ripping through real traffic caption says something like kyler murray on his way to practice 


Sorry details are foggy thought I saw it here",Where is this murray video?
363,nfl,,[Highlight] Eno Benjamin with a tough stretch at the goal line to extend the Cards lead
364,nfl,,[McClune] The Cardinals have put up 40 points for the first time since week 2 of 2016 against Tampa Bay
365,nfl,,"[Highlight] Tre’Quan Smith gets into an altercation, Jameis gets involved from the sideline"
366,nfl,[removed],Al Michaels has been the best part of TNF
367,nfl,"With Marcus Mariota winning Offensive Player of the Week, a week or two after Geno Smith has got me thinking… have game managers translated to this much success in the past?",Is this the year of the game manager?
368,nfl,,"[Schefter] Panthers are trading Pro-Bowl RB Christian McCaffrey to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for draft picks, sources tell ESPN. McCaffrey returns to the Bay Area, where he attended Stanford."
369,nfl,,"[Schefter] Stunner: Panthers are trading Pro-Bowl RB Christian McCaffrey to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for draft picks, sources tell ESPN. McCaffrey returns to the Bay Area, where he attended Stanford."
370,nfl,,"[Schefter] Stunner: Panthers are trading Pro-Bowl RB Christian McCaffrey to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for draft picks, sources tell ESPN. McCaffrey returns to the Bay Area, where he attended Stanford."
371,nfl,,"[Schefter] Stunner: Panthers are trading Pro-Bowl RB Christian McCaffrey to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for draft picks, sources tell ESPN."
372,nfl,,"[Schefter] Stunner: Panthers are trading Pro-Bowl RB Christian McCaffrey to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for draft picks, sources tell ESPN. McCaffrey returns to the Bay Area, where he attended Stanford."
373,nfl,,McCaffrey to 49ers
374,nfl,"This year the saints had a chance at the bird gauntlet, where you beat all 5 bird teams in one season (Cardinals, Seahawks, Falcons, Eagles, Ravens). No team has ever done it

&amp;#x200B;

This is mainly only possible for the 12 teams in the NFC that are not bird teams (You could theoretically do it in the AFC but the odds to play all these teams are very low and you would be required to make the Super Bowl). 

&amp;#x200B;

The saints started off strong with the win over the Falcons in week 1, and a win over the Seahawks in week 5 but likely will fall  tonight. A win means the remaining games are Ravens (Week 9) and Eagles (Week 17)","With the Cardinals nearing victory, that would mean the Saints are out of contention of getting the bird gauntlet this year"
375,nfl,,CMC ago 49ers!
376,nfl,,[Rapoport] The Panthers were deep in talks with the Rams and 49ers for multiple second day picks.
377,nfl,,Adam Schefter on Twitter
378,nfl,https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter/status/1583296330427817984?s=20&amp;t=Ite870BW4kj3UygAPGhusQ,Traded!
379,nfl,Adam schefter just said on Twitter that they did it for draft picks,McCaffrey has been traded to the 49ers!
380,nfl,,"BREAKING: Panthers Trade RB Christian McCaffrey | Sports Illustrated Carolina Panthers News, Analysis and More"
381,nfl,,It's HAPPENING! CMC to the 49ers!!
382,nfl,,"[Meirov] Mike Shanahan coached Ed McCaffrey in Denver. Now Mike’s son, Kyle, will coach Ed’s son, Christian, in San Francisco."
383,nfl,,"[Meirov] Mike Shanahan coached Ed McCaffrey in Denver. Now Mike’s son, Kyle, will coach Ed’s son, Christian, in San Francisco."
384,nfl,,"[Schefter] Stunner: Panthers are trading Pro-Bowl RB Christian McCaffrey to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for draft picks, sources tell ESPN. McCaffrey returns to the Bay Area, where he attended Stanford."
385,nfl,,CMC traded to San Francisco
386,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Full terms: -- The #49ers get star RB Christian McCaffrey. -- The #Panthers get a 2nd round pick in 2023, a third-rounder in 2023, and a fourth-round pick in 2023. Plus, a fifth-rounder in 2024."
387,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Full terms: — The #49ers get star RB Christian McCaffrey. — The #Panthers get a 2nd round pick in 2023, a third-rounder in 2023, and a fourth-round pick in 2023. Plus, a fifth-rounder in 2024. Massive."
388,nfl,,BREAKING: Panthers Trade RB Christian McCaffrey
389,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Full terms: — The #49ers get star RB Christian McCaffrey. — The #Panthers get a 2nd round pick in 2023, a third-rounder in 2023, and a fourth-round pick in 2023. Plus, a fifth-rounder in 2024."
390,nfl,,(Rapoport) - McCaffrey to the 49ers
391,nfl,,"[Adam Schefter] Stunner: Panthers are trading Pro-Bowl RB Christian McCaffrey to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for draft picks, sources tell ESPN."
392,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Full terms: — The #49ers get star RB Christian McCaffrey. — The #Panthers get a 2nd round pick in 2023, a third-rounder in 2023, and a fourth-round pick in 2023. Plus, a fifth-rounder in 2024. Massive."
393,nfl,,"[Adam Shefter] Stunner: Panthers are trading Pro-Bowl RB Christian McCaffrey to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for draft picks, sources tell ESPN. McCaffrey returns to the Bay Area, where he attended Stanford."
394,nfl,,[Rapoport] McCaffrey to the 49ers
395,nfl,,"[Schefter] Trade comp: 49ers are sending second-, third- and fourth-round picks in 2023 and a fifth-round pick in 2024 in exchange for RB Christian McCaffrey, sources tell ESPN."
396,nfl,,Announcement Thursday Night Football
397,nfl,,Reports: Panthers star RB Christian McCaffrey being traded to 49ers
398,nfl,,"[Fowler] With the Christian McCaffrey trade, the Panthers continue their rebuild while the 49ers get a premier back at a $1 million salary in ‘22 thanks to a contract restructure. Next year, however, when McCaffrey is due to be paid $11.8 million, things get more tricky."
399,nfl,,Oh yes it’s all coming together
400,nfl,,"[Rodrigue] There were no first-rounders on the table between two teams w/ most interest (49ers, Rams) despite Panthers high ask - Rams may have done a second, future third…maybe a player…weren’t going to get into a back and forth to inflate terms past what they felt reasonable."
401,nfl,,"[Rosenthal] no matter how many great random running backs Kyle Shanahan uncovers, the dude loves spending huge resources on the position"
402,nfl,,The Saints have been eliminated from the Bird Gauntlet
403,nfl,,"[Sikkema] Since 2021, the Niners have now spent: a second round pick (2023), three third round picks (2021, 2022, 2023), a fourth round pick (2023), a fifth round pick (2024), and a sixth round pick (2021)...on running backs"
404,nfl,,The Saints have been eliminated from the Bird Gauntlet
405,nfl,,Christian McCaffrey traded to 49ers
406,nfl,[removed],Fantasy running back option
407,nfl,,[FOX Sports: NFL] The Saints have been eliminated from the Bird Gauntlet
408,nfl,,"[Benjamin Solak] Since the 2021 NFL Draft, the 49ers have spent on RB: 2021 third (Trey Sermon), 2021 sixth (Elijah Mitchell), 2022 third (TDP), 2023 second, 2023 third, 2024 fourth. Their leading rusher this season is Jeff Wilson, a 2018 UDFA"
409,nfl,,"[Schefter] What helped the 49ers pull off the trade for Christian McCaffrey was that they had six extra 3rd-round compensatory draft picks granted to them for losing Robert Saleh to the Jets, Mike McDaniel to the Dolphins and Martin Mayhew to the Commanders in recent off-seasons."
410,nfl,[removed],Post Game Thread: New Orleans Saints (2-5) vs Arizona Cardinals (3-4)
411,nfl,,That McCaffrey trade is insane
412,nfl,"Personally, I believe that a healthy McCaffrey is enough to at least get them to the NFC Championship game. If they get past that, I think that the AFC team (I personally think it will be the Bills) takes them down in the Super Bowl. What do you all think?","If Christian McCaffrey stays healthy, what is your updated predictions for the 49ers season?"
413,nfl,,Why is there no postgame thread?
414,nfl,,"[Stats &amp; Info] The 49ers now have 3 of the top 4 players in average yards after contact per reception this season: Deebo Samuel, Christian McCaffrey and Jauan Jennings."
415,nfl,,"[AZCardinals] frame it, give it to your mom for Christmas or put it on the fridge. we don't care, as long as you have it."
416,nfl,,Anybody else notice AWS/Prime making up FG distances?
417,nfl,,"[Schefter] 49ers' RB Christian McCaffrey is scheduled to fly to San Francisco on Friday, when he will meet his new teammates and begin to learn the new playbook. It will be challenging to have him in uniform Sunday vs. the Chiefs, but McCaffrey did go to Stanford and anything possible."
418,nfl,Anyone else think that this sub is overrun by tweets? Where did all of the highlights go?,Anyone else think that this sub is overrun by tweets?
419,nfl,,[Bleacher Report] (Jan 2010) Why Aaron Rodgers will be a top 10 Quarterback of all time
420,nfl,Google keeps telling me the individual team record (Seattle with 4 if you didn’t know),What’s the most INT/TD’s in a single game by both teams combined?
421,nfl,,"[Robert Griffin III] The 49ers have McCaffrey, Deebo, Kittle, Juszcyyk and Aiyuk. They will be the MOST VERSATILE OFFENSE IN THE NFL personnel wise. Have a running back who could be a starting slot receiver. A WR who could be a starting RB and a FB who could be starting RB or TE. NIGHTMARE MATCHUPS"
422,nfl,,"[Fowler] The Panthers also have received multiple trade calls on their other top playmaker, wide receiver D.J. Moore, per sources, but the team has considered Moore a foundational piece to the roster. That would make a trade tough to execute."
423,nfl,,"[Fowler] The Panthers also have received multiple trade calls on their other top playmaker, wide receiver D.J. Moore, per sources, but the team has considered Moore a foundational piece to the roster. That would make a trade tough to execute."
424,nfl,"Loaded question. Here’s how I see it.

Drafts under Lynch haven’t been great, at least according to some analysts, and Lynch at the wrong side of his contract.

McCaffery is a guaranteed elite play marker.

Shanahan is will free him up on lots of dynamic plays. 

They didn’t even have to give up a #1 for him.

Have friends that are miner fans and not happy. I can’t fucking believe it lol. I’m a raiders fan and would cream my pants for that trade. Yes, I know we really suck a drafting but still.

What’s y’all’s thoughts?",Is the McCaffery Trade a good move?
425,nfl,,Pittsburgh Steelers DC Teryl Austin has an out-of-the-box idea on how to prepare for Miami Dolphins’ WR Tyreek Hill
426,nfl,"The Bucs are 5th in points allowed. That sounds great right? Not so fast. I'd wager a lot of it has to be due to the fact that the Bucs offense (despite how awful they have been) still rarely turns the ball over thus punting the ball deep into opponent field position.

The Bucs defense is one of the worst situational defenses in the league. 

They absolutely cannot be trusted in a 3rd down situation. Trubisky, who everyone knows is awful was gashing them on four separate occasions of 3rd and 10+ in the 4th quarter alone last week.","This season, the Bucs defense has allowed a conversion on 65% of 3rd and 11+ to go (sample size of 17 plays). The league average for allowing a 3rd and 1 conversion is 59%. The Bucs are worse at stopping 3rd and 11+ than the average team is at stopping a 3rd and 1."
427,nfl,,"[Sikkema] Panthers are going to have the No. 1 overall pick with two second rounders, a third rounder and two fourth rounders. Hell of a way to restart with all the young talent on that defense already"
428,nfl,[removed],🚨🚨CMC TRADED
429,nfl,[removed],Let's Riide
430,nfl,"Crazy night, what do y’all think of this trade",Breaking: CMC traded to the 49ers
431,nfl,,Panthers fans right now
432,nfl,,"Crazy night, what do y’all think of the trade?"
433,nfl,,Let's Riide
434,nfl,"Sorry i meant no bs just usual nfl fans someone asked a out it i thought i saw it here. Thats all.  I didn’t post it, I didn’t recommend it, didn’t upvote it, simply was looking for it because a friend said @did you see that….”

Damn thing is not even that offensive.


What an incredible display of over sensitive bs… this is the NFL?",On the murray car post
435,nfl,[removed],Post Game Thread: New Orleans Saints (2-5) at Arizona Cardinals (3-4)
436,nfl,[removed],Where is the post game thread?
437,nfl,[removed],Post Game Thread: New Orleans Saints (2-5) at Arizona Cardinals (3-4)
438,nfl,,"[JAKE ELLENBOGEN] The #49ers draft picks in 2023: 3rd comp, 3rd comp, 5th, 5th comp, 7th, 7th, 7th comp"
439,nfl,,[PFF] Christian McCaffrey and Robbie Anderson to DJ Moore still stuck in Carolina
440,nfl,"Nobody does less with more. Now I believe Brady has finally looked a bit washed but still an offense with Brady, Evans, and Godwin are struggling to even get 1st downs and at least 70% of that I believe is due to the one of the most boring, unimaginative offensive playbooks. Even the past 2 years when the offensive talent was insane, almost NOBODY was schemed open. Every single receiver + Gronk had to rely on their athleticism to win their matchups and Brady had to fit in tight windows. This should not happen for an offense with this much talent.

**The Leftwich playbook in 90% of scenarios:**

*1st and 10:* Fournette draw for 2 yards

*2nd and 8:* Hitch for 5 yards or incomplete pass

*3rd down:* Pray for Brady to bail Leftwich out which he did the past two years but not as much this year.

&amp;#x200B;

Look at last week. The Steelers were on their 4th string secondary and what is Leftwich's plan? Try to drive Fournette straight into the Steelers front seven. Evans was targeted only 4 times.

Leftwich as an OC rivals only that of Nathaniel Hackett rn for worst in the business. How any fan can consider him for a HC coach is baffling. If hired, he honestly will be on par with what we've seen with Hackett and likely without a defense as good as the Broncos to back him up.",Byron Leftwich is one of the worst offensive coordinators in all of football
441,nfl,https://twitter.com/TheRealRicoRosa/status/1583271291204694016?t=efqUYiVWqSkM0-Fk7lvJHg&amp;s=01,PGT: New Orleans Saints (2-5) at Arizona Cardinals (3-4)
442,nfl,,CMC to the 49ers
443,nfl,"# Brady, CMC, Deebo, Kittle, Aiyuk, Jennings. Coached by Shanahan. 

&amp;#x200B;

Brady just mentioned he has no plans to retire and I find it hard to think he stays in Tampa much longer. There were whispers even last offseason that Brady unretiring also meant possibly shipped off to the 49ers. 

49ers may have sunk cost with Lance. Brady has always wanted to play for his home area and I wager its either SF or Miami where he'd want to go next. Maybe LV with McDaniels but that's secondary. Miami is keeping Tua meaning SF is the only viable landing spot for the GOAT. If he's still the Brady of his early 40s, this could be a record breaking offense.",The 49ers could go all in for Tom Brady next offseason
444,nfl,personally i'm a broncos fan but i've always wanted the jags or jets to shock the league,what's one team other than your own that you want to do well and why?
445,nfl,,how do i join the nfl. i have down syndrome can i go?
446,nfl,Basically Brady made the comparison of an NFL football season to like going on a military deployment. His reasoning wasn't terrible I mean I kind of understand where he was coming from but people were mad offended. So I guess he had to apologize to the cancel police.,Tom Brady Apologizes for Controversial Comment He Made on His Podcast
447,nfl,,Bill Belichick Breaks Down Justin Fields and the Bears Before Week 7 | Belestrator
448,nfl,"[New Orleans Saints](/r/Saints#away) [at](#at) [Arizona Cardinals](/r/AZCardinals#home)




######[](#start-box-score)

| | | | | | | |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |  :-- | :--|
|      |**First**|**Second**|**Third**|**Fourth**|**OT**| **Final** |
|**Saints**| 7 | 7 | 3 | 17 | None | 34 |
|**Cardinals**| 3 | 25 | 7 | 7 | None | 42 |

######[](#end-box-score)

----

* Thread Notes
* [Message The Moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl)

----

| |
| :-- | 
| Discuss whatever you wish. You can trash talk, but keep it civil. |
| If you are experiencing problems with comment sorting in the official reddit app, we suggest using a third-party client instead ([Android](/r/Android/comments/7ctdf4/lets_settle_this_randroid_what_is_the_best_reddit/), [iOS](/r/ios/comments/68odw1/what_is_the_best_reddit_app_for_ios/)) |
| Turning comment sort to ['new'](/r/nfl/comments/y6vqan/post_game_thread_denver_broncos_24_at_los_angeles/?sort=new) will help you see the newest comments. |
| Try [Tab Auto Refresh](https://mybrowseraddon.com/tab-auto-refresh.html) to auto-refresh this tab. |
| Use [reddit-stream.com](http://reddit-stream.com/comments/y6vqan) to get an autorefreshing version of this page |
| Check in on the r/nfl chat: **##rnfl** on Libera ([open in browser](https://web.libera.chat/?channels=##rnfl)). |
| Show your team affiliation - pick your team's logo in the sidebar. |",Post Game Thread: New Orleans Saints (2-5) at Arizona Cardinals (3-4)
449,nfl,,[PHNX Cardinals] “I’m not married but I imagine that’s what a marriage is like.” DeAndre Hopkins on the tense moment caught on camera between Kyler Murray and Arizona Cardinals head coach Kliff Kingsbury.
450,nfl,Looking for who’s been the best rookie OL so far and who has impressed you the most?,Most impressive rookie OL after week 1?
451,nfl,,crypto
452,nfl,,"Regardless of critics and uncertain future, Marcus Mariota is making his mark in Atlanta"
453,nfl,,Chris Cooley Will Skip Ceremony Honoring Him at Sunday’s Game
454,nfl,"Everyone is completely overreacting to his slow start but the statistics do not bear it out. He has 5 TDs, 3 INTs, and 1,400 passing yards. This is fine. For most of NFL history, this would be an average quarterback. Instead, everyone is acting like he is the love child of Ryan Leaf. Why is everyone so overreacting?",Russell Wilson is Not Playing THAT Bad
455,nfl,,Picked up Hubbard in my league and was worried about foreman getting more touches but thank god Cramer tweeted this
456,nfl,,[SB Nation] How NFL teams are reviving the run game in 2022
457,nfl,,Panthers star RB Christian McCaffrey traded to 49ers for draft picks
458,nfl,"For those who don’t know, the crab people are from South Park. They are a civilization of talking crabs that walk around and chant “Craab people, craaab people. Taste like crab, talk like people.”

So an example would be something like:

“Tommm Brady, Tommm Brady. Taste like Tom, talk like Brady.”

Someone with a longer first name could have the first name omitted like:

“Craaab Barkley, Craaab Barkley. Taste like crab, talk like Barkley.”

You get the idea. So which players crab people name makes you laugh or chuckle or whatever your mode of expressing joy might be?",Which player has the funniest/most interesting “crab people” name?
459,nfl,,[McClain] I cant believe so many fans think the Panthers didn't get enough for CMC. At the age of 26 HoF Marshall Faulk was dealt for a 2nd and a 5th. Carolina just got that plus a 3rd and 4th for a great but injury prone CMC.
460,nfl,,[Yates] The 49ers now have the best pass catching RB in the league in Christian McCaffrey and the best ball carrying WR in the league in Deebo Samuel. This offense is going to be so fun to watch.
461,nfl,,"[Schultz] Source says there’s a “pretty good chance” Christian McCaffrey will play for the 49ers this weekend against Patrick Mahomes and the visiting Chiefs. Wouldn’t expect a full snap count as he begins to learn the playbook, but am told SF plans to deploy him “around the end-zone.”"
462,nfl,Do pay attention to different things? Do you measure success differently? Do you prefer FA acquisitions or draft picks?,How does your fandom change when your team is rebuilding vs when you are competing for a Super Bowl?
463,nfl,"[New Orleans Saints](/r/saints#away) [at](#at) [Arizona Cardinals](/r/azcardinals#home)
[](/# ""GT-PRIMETIME"")


----

* State Farm Stadium
* Glendale, Arizona

----

######[](#start-box-score)



######[](#end-box-score)

----

* General information
* 

----

| | |
| :-- | --: |
| **Coverage** | **Odds** |
| Prime Video | Arizona -2.5 O/U 44.0 |

 



----





----

* Thread Notes
* [Message The Moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl)

----

| |
| :-- | 
| Discuss whatever you wish. You can trash talk, but keep it civil. |
| If you are experiencing problems with comment sorting in the official reddit app, we suggest using a third-party client instead ([Android](/r/Android/comments/7ctdf4/lets_settle_this_randroid_what_is_the_best_reddit/), [iOS](/r/ios/comments/68odw1/what_is_the_best_reddit_app_for_ios/)) |
| Turning comment sort to ['new'](?sort=new) will help you see the newest comments. |
| Try [Tab Auto Refresh](https://mybrowseraddon.com/tab-auto-refresh.html) to auto-refresh this tab. |
| Use [reddit-stream.com](http://reddit-stream.com/comments/) to get an autorefreshing version of this page |
| Check in on the r/nfl chat: **##rnfl** on Libera ([open in browser](https://web.libera.chat/?channels=##rnfl)). |
| Show your team affiliation - pick your team's logo in the sidebar. |",Post Game Thread: New Orleans Saints (2-6) at Arizona Cardinals (4-4)
464,nfl,,"[Christian McCaffrey] I’m forever grateful for all of the people who have helped make these past 5 1/2 years so special for me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Carolina, I will always love you💙 #KeepPounding"
465,nfl,,Russ had so much time to practice his “Let’s Ride!”…
466,nfl,,Alex Singleton’s 19 tackles for Broncos against Chargers nearly broke NFL record
467,nfl,,Brett Rypien’s first career start was a win over the Jets
468,nfl,[removed],So about the CMC trade
469,nfl,,"[Highlight] 5'9"" Eno Benjamin sets a block against 6'6"" Marcus Davenport"
470,nfl,,Mark Carman on Twitter: #Bears DL Justin Jones plans on checking the balls Monday night. Has heard that Deflategate might still be going on. First thing you think of when you hear the name Bill Belichick? “Deflated balls”
471,nfl,,NFL on CBS intro 2004 NE@CLE
472,nfl,[removed],So I've been seeing things about how the NFL is as scripted as the WWE. Help!
473,nfl,,Brett Rypien’s first career start was a win over the Jets
474,nfl,,[Highlight] Drake Jackson is very excited about being teammates with CMC
475,nfl,,[Breer] One other thing to remember—Christian McCaffrey wasn't the most valuable trade asset on the @Panthers roster. DE Brian Burns was and is. And Burns is the one who's elicited the most trade interest. I don't think they trade him. But if they do? It'd likely take multiple 1s.
476,nfl,,[PFF] Best pass blocking OTs in Week 6 🧱
477,nfl,,Olave becomes the 8th rookie since the turn of the century to have 50 receiving yards in 5 out of his first 6 games
478,nfl,"Welcome to today's open thread, where /r/nfl users can discuss anything they wish not related directly to the NFL.

Want to talk about personal life? Cool things about your fandom? Whatever happens to be dominating today's news cycle? Do you have something to talk about that didn't warrant its own thread? This is the place for it!

---

Remember, that there are other subreddits that may be a good fit for what you want to post - every day all day!

* /r/NFLFandom for showing off your fandom
* /r/NFL_Draft for talking in depth about the draft
* /r/NFLNoobs for noob questions, no judgement
* /r/nflblogs for posting blog posts - including your own
* /r/nflofftopic for talking about anything with NFL fans
* /r/nfffffffluuuuuuuuuuuu for all kinds of humor posts
* /r/nflcirclejerk for when /r/NFL just becomes too much
* ... and more - see the sidebar!",Free Talk Friday
479,nfl,"Hello /r/nfl and welcome to the Booth Review.

Now that you've had the night to digest yesterday's game let's take a look under the hood and review. Please post all thoughts/opinions/analyses here regarding to the X's and O's, strategy discussion, scheming, etc. We'd like every comment to have some thought behind it and low effort comments/memes/etc. will be removed. Comments aren't required to be long write-ups or full game breakdowns, but any thoughtful takeaway from each game are welcome.","Booth Review (Week 7, Thursday game)"
480,nfl,,[Fansplain] Olave becomes the 8th rookie since the turn of the century to have 50 receiving yards in 5 out of his first 6 games
481,nfl,,"[Lombardi] A private jet took off from Charlotte an hour ago. It's scheduled to land in San Jose at 10:46 a.m. There's an excellent chance that Christian McCaffrey is on board, and he'll arrive at the 49ers' facility in time to meet his teammates and maybe swing by practice/walkthru today."
482,nfl,,"[Menon] Using the Fitzgerald-Spielberger draft chart, and devaluing the 2024 draft pick, the Niners basically gave up the equivalent of the 4th overall pick for Christian McCaffery yesterday"
483,nfl,,[Josiah Johnson] Christian McCaffrey: “I’m open!” Jimmy G:
484,nfl,"I am new to nfl, started halfway through 2021. I would like to know what matches or rivalries should I watch out for. Thanks.","New to NFL, need help in selecting matches to watch."
485,nfl,I also learned that he was became the first player to win the college football championship and the Super Bowl in back-to-back years.,Tony Dorsett is the highest drafted player at Number 2 overall in the 1977 Draft to win a Super Bowl his rookie year
486,nfl,,Sum up the Saints night [Chris Brockman]
487,nfl,,"[Schefter] After being excused Thursday for a personal day, Jets’ WR Elijah Moore is back at the team’s training facility today as New York continues its preparations for Sunday’s game vs. the Broncos."
488,nfl,,Sums up Saints night [Chris Brockman on Twitter]
489,nfl,,[Staley] Elijah Moore will not play against the Broncos on Sunday according to Robert Saleh
490,nfl,,"[Vasquez] Saleh on the Moore trade request: ""Trading him is not an option."" He won't play at Denver this week. Saleh said it wouldn't be fair to ask Moore to play a game this week given where his mind is at right now."
491,nfl,,"[Jets] Coach Saleh on WR Elijah Moore, who will not play Sunday at Denver."
492,nfl,I’m happy for Robbie Anderson going from a team that would send him on streak routes and overthrow him to a team that sends him on streak routes and overthrows him.,Happy for Robbie.
493,nfl,,[Stevens] This is wild: Broncos OC Justin Outten and some of the other Broncos coaches have slept in the facility the past three weeks. They’ve fully committed to grinding to get the team back on track.
494,nfl,,How About That Saints Pick
495,nfl,,[Rapoport] #Steelers QB Kenny Pickett has cleared concussion protocol and will play Sunday. So have TE Pat Freiermuth and CB Levi Wallace.
496,nfl,,"[Arjun Menon] Using the Fitzgerald-Spielberger draft chart, and devaluing the 2024 draft pick, the Niners basically gave up the equivalent of the 4th overall pick for Christian McCaffery yesterday"
497,nfl,,Marco Wilson has been known for his acrobatics
498,nfl,,"[Cimini] Moore is being treated like an injured player. No practice today. Will work with conditioning staff for the next three days. Basically, he's being kept in timeout."
499,nfl,,"Behind closed doors, Jim Irsay railed against the NFL's handling of the St. Louis litigation - ProFootballTalk"
500,nfl,"It appears Jim Harbaugh and Jed York have buried the hatchet, as Jim Harbaugh comes into town for the honoring of the 2012 NFC Champions team.",[Jed York] Thank you @CoachJim4UM for being here tonight and this weekend. It was great to hear you speak about this special group.
501,nfl,"Was trying to find a team with more but there are none. Not the Cowboys, Yankees or Lakers",Why does the Patriots subreddit have the most users out of any team? Or of any sport for that matter
502,nfl,,"[Schefter] Chargers WR Keenan Allen, listed as Q due to a hamstring injury, wants to see how he feels Sunday before making a final decision, per source. But the Chargers know their bye is next week, and resting Allen now would give his hamstring two more weeks to heal and be ready after bye"
503,nfl,,"[HIGHLIGHT] All-22 film of every punt (16!) from Vikings@Dolphins in Week 6 (Wright 10, Morstead 6). Wright would finish with a PFF single-game grade of 63.3 (10th) while Morstead recorded a 73.3 (2nd). Analysis in comments."
504,nfl,,[NFLFilms] NFL Players and Coaches Voices Replaced With Little Kid Voices
505,nfl,,"[Schefter] Ravens’ TE Mark Andrews, listed as questionable for Sunday due to a knee injury, is expected to play vs. the Browns, per source."
506,nfl,,[Ari Meirov] ESPN put Marshawn Lynch on live TV. It went exactly how you expected. 😂
507,nfl,,"[Fowler] With Panthers GM Scott Fitterer saying it would take an ‘astronomical’ deal to part with young talent, here’s an example: multiple execs believe the minimum buy-in on Brian Burns is two first-round picks. That’s perceived as Carolina’s way of saying, ‘we’re not trading him.’"
508,nfl,,"]New Heights, the Kelce brothers' podcast] If you built a CB in a lab it would be Sauce Gardner 😤"
509,nfl,,[TPS] Aaron Hernandez &amp; Two of His High School Teammates All Went On To Become Future Murderers
510,nfl,"The narratives, the philly special, the big dick nicking. The stakes were as high as they ever get in this sport and the game itself didn’t disappoint, delivering non stop offense and turnovers that had viewers on the edge of their seats all 48 minutes. 



The only thing that really takes away from this game is that losing it didn’t really affect Brady’s legacy, but I still don’t think any other game tops it anyway. If I knew more about hockey or baseball Id want to call this the single greatest sports game in america for the past 10 years",Is the Eagles-Patriots super bowl the greatest game of football in the past 10 years ?
511,nfl,,"[Fowler] Lions RB D’Andre Swift (questionable, ankle/shoulder) is not expected to play Sunday vs. Cowboys barring surprise, per source. Appears to need another week to fully heal."
512,nfl,,Micah Parsons is looking for this bullied child
513,nfl,,NSFW Graphic Video of Injury. 2002 Thanksgiving Day Game- Commanders* at Cowboys. Punter Bryan Barker suffers a horrific broken nose while recovering a blocked field goal. Play starts at :24
514,nfl,"The most reliable for the Patriots I think is Mike Reiss.  All of his reports are usually 100% factual and straight to the point.

&amp;#x200B;

Ben Volin is the least reliable IMO.  He has earned the nickname Trollin' Volin",Who is the most reliable and the least reliable reporter for your favorite football team
515,nfl,,"[Rapoport] New #49ers RB Christian McCaffrey is expected to play on Sunday vs. the #Chiefs, despite only being acquired late on Thursday night in a trade."
516,nfl,,[Andrew Whitworth] This! Always cracks me up all the rhetoric and talk about [OBJ] joining this team or that one over beginning of the season. This has always been the timeline! Why would he want to join a team before he can play ? 🤷🏻‍♂️
517,nfl,,Logan Mankins played for the Pats from 2005 - 2013. The Pats won the Super Bowl in '04 and '14. Talk about unlucky timing...
518,nfl,,Broncos elevate Josh Johnson to back up Brett Rypien with Russell Wilson out - ProFootballTalk
519,nfl,"title says it all really, currently learning a bit about the NFL and the players. Is it just because they arent a good player or is it more personal?

looking forward to peoples answers!",What NFL player(s) do you despise/higly dislike the most and why?
520,nfl,Look at first clip,NFL Sidelines Are Getting Out Of Control😂😭 | #shorts
521,nfl,"Every hit is a penalty :)

https://youtu.be/nrBMvsVht1I",Who remembers this commercial?
522,nfl,"https://youtu.be/nrBMvsVht1I

Every hit is a penalty :)",Who remember’s this commercial?
523,nfl,,Am i the only one who thinks that the super bowl should work like a UFC card? Where the big game is the main event while some of the teams that didn’t make it play on the undercard.
524,nfl,Geno Smith is playing really well and there’s gonna be dozen if not 20 or 22 teams waiting around to sign him to a huge contract. Seahawks need to resign him soon. Paying Geno more then the $250 Million Kyler Murray and Russell Wilson got is definitely a fair deal to give Geno Smith?,Seahawks better lock up Geno Smith
525,nfl,,[Kleiman] Long-time #Chargers CB Antonio Cromartie and DL Corey Liuget have both signed a 1-day contract to retire with the team. Both Cromartie and Liuget were 1st round picks by the team. Cromartie in 2006 and Liuget in 2011. @CRO31 led the league in INTs with 10 in 2007.
526,nfl,I’m bringing my 5 month old to FedEx Field tomorrow and see their policy does not allow bringing diaper bags and coolers. What did any moms and dads do to bring breast milk and diapers into the game?,Bringing breast milk in a stadium
527,nfl,I personally believe Ny can put away denver,Jets are gonna beat the Broncos
528,nfl,,Some teams think Odell Beckham Jr. won't be ready to play until the middle of December - ProFootballTalk
529,nfl,,[Athletic] Why the Bucs and Patriots have league’s best offensive lines
530,nfl,[deleted],[Athletic] NFL pass protection rankings: Why the Bucs and Patriots have league’s best offensive lines
531,nfl,,[Athletic] NFL pass protection rankings: Why the Bucs and Patriots have league’s best O-lines
532,nfl,,"Eagles, Seahawks having cake and eating it too: Both teams sit in first while owning a 2023 top-10 draft pick"
533,nfl,,"[Baby] Touchdown differential, entering Week 7: 1. BUF, 12; 2. CIN, 7; 3. PHI, 6; 4. SF, 5; Three teams tied at 4 (KC, NYG, NE)"
534,nfl,,John Elway recreates 'The Helicopter': 'I'll never forget the feeling of looking to our sideline'
535,nfl,,"Nathaniel Hackett, let your Broncos assistants go home. Let them see their families. Then get Mike Shanahan or Gary Kubiak in to safe this offense."
536,nfl,How do I get my team name at the bottom of my posts?,Team name.
537,nfl,,"[Rapoport] #Cowboys LB Micah Parsons was fined $10,609 for unsportsmanlike conduct – flexing over and talking to TE Dallas Goedert during last week’s loss to the #Eagles. #Cowboys CB Trevon Diggs was fined $9,577 for unsportsmanlike conduct – taking off his helmet after a late #Eagles TD."
538,nfl,,[WKBW] Street in Buffalo renamed after Josh Allen's hurdle
539,nfl,I don’t think the Broncos not being good isn’t much of a surprise.,"The “This year isn’t like other years” narrative is just because the NFC East and the jets are good and the Packers, Bengals, Rams and Bucs aren’t great."
540,nfl,"With the emergence of the amazing Mahomes/Allen rivalry it got me thinking about some other great quarterback rivalries we've seen throughout the history of the sport, most of us still recall how big a deal Manning/Brady games were, but what other all time great quarterback rivalries did you get to experience or learn about from studying NFL history?",Greatest Quarterback Rivalries?
541,nfl,"# Intro:

Like many of you, I was fascinated by Russell Wilson’s Dangerwich [commercial](https://twitter.com/b_hartland/status/1574860774870228998?s=11&amp;t=p5XSXWC1h-J-KDDkd7MCXQ).  Featuring awkward pauses, fake chewing, and magically reappearing bites of sandwich, the short ad was captivatingly strange.  But what really struck me was how good the Dangerwich looked.  I’m not usually a sucker for fast food commercials, but I just couldn’t stop thinking about it.

My fellow Niner faithful may judge me for coveting a sandwich promoted by the monster who destroyed my team’s hopes and dreams for a decade by frustratingly slipping out of near-certain sacks with a seemingly oiled-up torso and then launching the ball 50 yards down the field.  But my heart wanted what it wanted.  Plus, he’s a Bronco now, so I should get a pass.

# Subway and I:

Throughout high school and into college, I experienced rather intense anxiety in unfamiliar situations.  One of these unfamiliar situations was ordering from Subway.  The first time I ordered from Subway, I was a high school sophomore.  I was travelling in a school minivan to Fresno with my cross country team on the way to the state championship race when we stopped at a Subway to get lunch.  Uh oh.  I had never ordered from Subway before, and I had no idea what to do.  I placed myself at the back of the line, and as I approached closer and closer to the counter, the more and more nervous I felt.  My turn finally arrived.  There were so many choices.  My eyes darted around scanning all the labels as my mind tried to make sense of it all.  Oh God, everyone was waiting on me and they knew I was cracking.  I quietly mumbled and bumbled my way down the assembly line, but somehow, I came away with a sandwich.  I sat down with my teammates and unwrapped my sub.  It was a six-inch untoasted wheat bread sandwich with ham and nothing else.  My friends gave me grief for my decision, but as I ate my terrible sandwich, I knew that I had survived.

A few years later, I began my Freshman year of college.  My first week, I found myself at the center of campus around lunch time, far away from my room and dining hall.  There was a food court, but all its options were unfamiliar except for Subway.  My hunger drove me towards those green and yellow neon lights, and I once again queued up at the end of the line as I tried to suppress a low but rising panic.  But this time, I listened to how people ahead of me ordered.  Aha, there was a structure to ordering.  Bread, meats, cheese, toasted or not toasted, vegetables.  I mentally prepared for my own sandwich and formulated exactly what I was going to say at each step of the process.  “Italian footlong please.  BMT please.  Swiss please.  Toasted please.  Lettuce, tomato, and cucumber please.  Thank you,” I repeated in my head, over and over again.  I was now only a few spots away from the counter.  As the Subway Sandwich Artist asked the same series questions to each person ahead of me, I would answer his questions in my head.  By the time I was finally at the front, I was ready.

Mere minutes later, I had successfully ordered my sub.  I walked away from the counter, experiencing a wave of relief followed by embarrassment that this was such a big deal to me.  Nevertheless, as I sat down and bit into my sandwich, I felt a small bit a pride.  I had made a reasonable sandwich.  I did order it without sauce though because I had forgotten to prepare for that step while in line.  In my following years at college, I would often return to that food court Subway, ordering the same sandwich every time, sometimes mentally preparing in line, and always ordering without sauce.

# Procuring the Dangerwich:

On Wednesday, I visited Subway’s online Vault menu, looking for the Dangerwich Russell had informed me of in secret.  However, to my dismay, it was no longer there.  I sighed and resigned myself to the fact that I had missed my opportunity to taste the Dangerwich’s daring dangerousness.

The next day I found that I still craved Russell’s elusive sub, and even more so now that it was the forbidden fruit that Subway was attempting to deprive me of.  I stumbled upon a list of ingredients online and realized I could custom order the Dangerwich myself.  But I didn’t want to read the ingredients off my phone because that would be embarrassing, and my Subway Sandwich Artist would think I was weird.  So, I decided to memorize the ingredients beforehand and mentally prepare for ordering my sandwich.  Fortunately, this is something I have a lot of experience with.

Before I went to bed that night, I repeated the ingredients to myself aloud until I remembered all of them without fail.  I then visualized the ordering scenario, even moving down an imaginary sandwich assembly line.  “Footlong on Italian herbs and cheese please.”  Shuffle shuffle.  “Pepperoni, salami, and black forest ham please.  Could I also get provolone cheese and add bacon to that?""  Pause.  ""Yes, toasted please.”  Pause.  Shuffle shuffle.  “Can I get lettuce, tomato, green peppers, and banana peppers please?”  Shuffle shuffle.  “And mayo and yellow mustard please.  Thanks!”

Rolling out of bed Friday morning, I again listed the ingredients aloud.  And again, as I was shaving.  And again, while preparing a light breakfast.  And again, on the drive to Subway.  And one more time, sitting in my car in the parking lot outside of the Subway.  I walked through the door, excited and ready.

The preparation paid off.  I nailed my lines and hit my marks, and I was rewarded with a custom recreation of Russell Wilson’s Subway Signature Dangerwich Sandwich.  I sat myself down on a thin 2-chair table by the window, barely wide enough for the footlong wrapper I was unfolding.  And there it was.  The Dangerwich.  The sandwich that I had spent the last few days thinking about and preparing for was right in front of me.  I picked up the right half of the sandwich and paused for a moment, realizing that the Subway’s indoor speakers were playing “Take My Breath Away.”  I took a bite.

# The Review:

The predominant flavor of the Dangerwich is the meats, particularly the pepperoni and salami.  Towards the closed edge of the sub, the meats fold onto themselves, so the meat flavor is especially strong there.  Towards the open edge of the sub, you move away from the meats a little and taste a bit more of the banana peppers and the creaminess of the mayo.  While the other vegetables don’t contribute much to the overall taste due to stronger flavors being at play, they provide a nice crunch.  I alternated bites between the open edge and closed edge, and I preferred the meatier flavor of the closed edge.

Now, you’re all asking the same question: Was it dangerous?  It certainly wasn’t dangerously spicy.  I suppose it was mildly spicy, but most of that came from the pepperoni and salami.  Every couple of bites, I took a small sip of my sweet iced tea, which washed away any sensation of spiciness from my tongue.  The banana peppers marginally contributed to the spiciness, but again, the meat did most of the work.  If you consider other types of danger such as choking on unchewed Italian Herb and Cheese bread, then I suppose that would increase the Dangerwich’s dangerousness, but that doesn’t seem fair because choking risk isn’t exclusive to the Dangerwich.

I ate ten of the sub’s twelve inches.  I was full and fairly satisfied at the end of my meal.  Although, as I got up from my table, I did feel a twinge of disappointment.  The Dangerwich was decent, but when I saw Russell Wilson take multiple first and second bites out of the sandwich in the ad, I imagined something better.  Overall though, when I exited the restaurant, I was glad I did this silly exercise.  I was also glad to see that no one had broken into my car while I was inside.  A pleasant surprise, living in the San Francisco Bay Area.

But what's score do I assign the Dangerwich?  I would like to introduce you to my Infallible 100-point Sandwich Rating Scale (I100PSRS for short).  It considers the ten major aspects of the sandwich consumption experience.  The first five aspects fall into a broad taste category and the other five aspects fall into a general experience category, with each category being worth 50 points.  Points are distributed amongst the ten aspects based on a relative importance.  I’ll provide a blank I100PSRS form in a comment below so that you too can accurately judge the sandwiches you consume.

**Sandwich Aspect Definitions and Point Values:**

* Bread *(5 pts)* – Quality of Bread
* Main Fillings *(5 pts)* – Quality of Meats/Primary Sandwich Content
* Accessory Fillings *(5 pts)* – Quality of Vegetables/Secondary Sandwich Content
* Filling Consistency *(5 pts)* – Evenness in which ingredients are spread
* Ingredient Interwork *(30 pts)* – How well ingredients complement each other and work together
* Neatness *(10 pts)* – Ease in which sandwich can be eaten without making a mess
* Mouth Feel *(15 pts)* – Texture, crunch, etc.
* Time to Order *(5 pts)* – How long it takes to order the sandwich
* Pre-meal Anticipation *(5 pts)* – Level of excitement obtained from smell, looks, etc. before eating
* Post-meal Satisfaction *(15 pts)* – Level of fullness and general happiness after eating

The below table contains my scoring for the Dangerwich.  For comparison, I included the Italian BMT I used to order in college and a McDonald’s Double Quarter Pounder with Cheese.  Due to the importance of dangerousness in this particular sandwich discussion, I added a special “Danger Bonus” worth up to five points.

|Sandwich Aspect|Dangerwich|College BMT|Dbl Qrt Pd w/ Cheese|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|Bread (5 pts)|4|4|3|
|Main Fillings (5 pts)|4|4|5|
|Accessory Fill. (5 pts)|5|4|3|
|Filling Consist. (5 pts)|3|4|5|
|Ing. Interwork (30 pts)|19|17|25|
|Neatness (10 pts)|8|7|7|
|Mouth Feel (15 pts)|12|11|9|
|Time to Order (5 pts)|5|5|3|
|Pre-meal Ant. (5 pts)|5|4|3|
|Post-meal Sat. (15 pts)|9|8|14|
|Danger Bonus (+5 pts)|2|1|5 (Heart attack risk)|
|**Total**|76/100|70/100|82/100|

And there it is.  Through the Infallible 100-point Sandwich Rating Scale, I have awarded the Dangerwich **76 points** out of a possible 100.  It is better that the sandwich I typically get at Subway, but it is certainly not the best fast-food sandwich available.

**TL;DR:**  It’s decent.  No need to get excited about it though.",An Anxious Man’s Review of the Dangerwich
542,nfl,,Tripping or Not Tripping?
543,nfl,[removed],Where to watch the early games at Levi's Stadium
544,nfl,,Tom Brady’s perspective on Microsoft Surface user interface
545,nfl,[removed],Petition For JUCO football in OR
546,nfl,"Imagine all the time and effort coming to fruition in your first NFL touch/play and what you do shocks everybody...

What were some first appearances that were totally botched or spectacular?",What were some players' first NFL touches/plays that were extreme (good or bad)?
547,nfl,,Look at the height that Jefferson has here!
548,nfl,,[PFF] Christian Darrisaw has given up just 1 sack in his last 356 pass-blocking snaps
549,nfl,,[Baldinger] @Vikings @JJettas2 runs this route with a sudden change of direction leaving the CB wondering where he went! JJ is a “router” and it’s a big problem defending him. #Skol #BaldysBreakdowns
550,nfl,"so some NFL Divisions make no sense so I remade the NFL Divisions some teams stay in their Division but many move 

AFC

AFC East

Jacksonville Jaguars

Baltimore Ravens

Cincinnati Bengals

Buffalo Bills

AFC North

New England Patriots

Pittsburgh Steelers

New York Jets

Indianapolis Colts

AFC South

Miami Dolphins

Houston Texans

Kansas City Chiefs

Tennessee Titans

AFC West

Denver Broncos

Las Vegas Raiders

Los Angeles Chargers

Cleveland Browns(wasn't sure what to do with them)

NFC

NFC East

Atlanta Falcons

New York Giants

Philadelphia Eagles

Washington Commanders

NFC North

Chicago Bears

Detroit Lions

Green Bay Packers

Seattle Seahawks

NFC South

Carolina Panthers

New Orleans Saints

Dallas Cowboys

Tampa Bay Buccaneers

NFC West

Minnesota Vikings(sorry if it doesn't make any sense)

Los Angeles Rams

Arizona Cardinals

San Francisco 49ers

this makes the NFL More interesting and makes some of the Divisions more balanced what do you think",Remaking NFL Divisions
551,nfl,,"[Kleimann] The #Chiefs, #Eagles and #Rams have called the #Panthers about top pass-rusher Brian Burns, according to ESPN. An NFL General Manager said the minimum for Burns is two 1st-round picks. Burns has 29.5 career sacks in 4 seasons."
552,nfl,,"[Highlight] 4th down from your own 47 yard line with 1:14 min. to go, and you go for it? and also throw the ball."
553,nfl,[removed],Rank the Packers in 2 Minutes! (POLL/SURVEY)
554,nfl,Crazy to think Carson Wentz makes more than that this season.,In 1994 the original salary cap for each team was 34.6 Mil
555,nfl,,Do The Giants Keep A Potential Risky Daniel Jones In 2023?
556,nfl,,Customized Graphic Patrick Mahomes Jersey 🔥
557,nfl,,[NFL] Best offense in the league? 🔥 @49ers
558,nfl,,"Giants-Jaguars Game Picks, Best Bets: #Giants #TogetherBlue #Jaguars #GiantsGridiron"
559,nfl,,[Highlight] Today 2 years ago Daniel Jones suffered this wonderful fall with the iconic narration of @ariaguiar.
560,nfl,,"Updated Packers Injury Report: WR Sammy Watkins activated off IR, likely will play. OT David Bakhtiari (knee), DT Devonte Wyatt (illness) questionable. WR Randall Cobb, G Jake Hanson to IR. LB LaDarius Hamilton elevated from practice squad."
561,nfl,,"Updated Packers Injury Report: WR Sammy Watkins activated off IR, likely will play. OT David Bakhtiari questionable (knee). WR Randall Cobb, G Jake Hanson to IR. LB LaDarius Hamilton elevated from practice squad."
562,nfl,I remember back in the 2006 draft the #1 pick was between Mario Williams and Reggie Bush.  Who do you think had the better NFL career?,Who ended up being the better NFL player Reggie Bush or Mario Williams?
563,nfl,,"[Highlight] Saquon Barkley Scores 1st Career TD on 68-Yard Run, against the Jaguars in week 1 of 2018"
564,nfl,,[Highlight] Tyler Lockett avoiding the tackle
565,nfl,,"[Liz Hoffman] Former NBA star Magic Johnson is in talks to buy a stake in the National Football League’s Las Vegas Raiders at a price that could set a new record for sports deals, according to people familiar with the matter."
566,nfl,"There’s teams right now that look downright putrid, but some of those teams at least can start reubuilding due to cap flexibility and draft capital. What team looks like it’s going to be stuck in neutral for awhile?",Which NFL franchise’s future looks the bleakest?
567,nfl,[removed],https://twitter.com/ab84/status/1583874355439710208?s=42&amp;t=R4pwbu8g_8AkGPWCyhIt8w
568,nfl,,[Nate Tice] Justin Herbert translating those QB pocket movement drills
569,nfl,"Everyone always compares a current QB to this guy. Guy earlier posted Joe Burrow is Flashy clothes Kirk Cousins or something. 

It’s not like the Dalton Line because he’s better than that and I’m sure a lot of teams would want him under center every Sunday. 

Why is this guy such a lightning rod for comparison and insult despite being a pretty good QB in many’s eyes?",Is every Quarterback some variant of Kirk Cousins?
570,nfl,"Almost feels like a non-story but it's basically saying if Tua gets hurt again on Sunday Night Football Collinsworth and Tirico are going to be in hot water kind of explaining how the NFL poorly handled the whole situation in the first place. Top down poorly managed.

It kind of reminds me of when the Browns let Charlie Frye back in the game when he literally had bo idea where he was or what was happening.

I actually think that incident set up the whole concussion protocol thing in the first place because it was such an egregious error to let him back on the field.",Mike Tirico and Cris Collinsworth Are in a Tough Spot on Sunday Night
571,nfl,,"Throwback: The first time Tom Brady faced the Carolina Panthers(January 6th, 2002)."
572,nfl,,"On this date in 2016, Texas Tech’s Patrick Mahomes accounts for an FBS-record 819 yards of total offense in a 66-59 loss to No. 16 Oklahoma. Oklahoma and Texas Tech set an FBS record for combined yards game by both teams in a single game (1,708, 854 yards each)."
573,nfl,,Magic Johnson reportedly in talks to purchase record-breaking stake in NFL franchise
574,nfl,,"[Highlight] Vikings Defensive Line Coach, Chris Rumph coaching up the D-Line in Sundays win over the Dolphins"
575,nfl,,"Vikings defensive line coach, Chris Rumph coaching up the D-line."
576,nfl,[removed],Breaking news: Russell Wilson out Sunday vs the Jets due to a hurt pussy.
577,nfl,"I've seen some people use the phrase ""You can't tell the story of the NFL without this dude"" as an excuse to put people in the hall of fame. So who are the players you really can't tell the story of the NFL without?",Who can you really not tell the story of the NFL without?
578,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Source: The #Commanders are placing QB Carson Wentz (broken ring finger) on Injured Reserve, meaning he’s out the next four games. The hope is he can play upon being eligible to return, but he will miss a reunion game against the #Eagles."
579,nfl,,"[Schefter] While Russell Wilson wanted to play despite a hamstring injury and did everything he could to play, the Broncos HC Nathaniel Hackett will hold back the 9-time Pro Bowl QB vs. the Jets to allow him to heal and prevent a lingering injury, per sources. Brett Rypien gets the start."
580,nfl,,"[Schefter] While Russell Wilson wanted to play despite a hamstring injury and did everything he could to play, the Broncos HC Nathaniel Hackett will hold back the 9-time Pro Bowl QB vs. the Jets to allow him to heal and prevent a lingering injury, per sources."
581,nfl,"Broncos won 2015 season Super Bowl have not been back yet. 

Giants won the 2011 season Super Bowl, returned in 2016 season.","The Broncos have the worst playoff drought for a Super Bowl winning team at 6 seasons. Second place is the NY Giants at 4 (2012, 2013, 2014, 2015)."
582,nfl,,[Baltimore Ravens] T Ronnie Stanley (illness) has been added to the injury report and is now questionable for Sunday’s game. G Ben Cleveland (foot/illness) remains questionable.
583,nfl,"6 weeks in, feels like a good time to make some wild accusations regarding which rookie is making the most positive impact for their team.  For clarification, this isn't asking which rookie OVERALL is most impactful, it's which rookie for YOUR TEAM has been the best this year.  

For the Ravens, I don't think it's particularly close - Tyler Linderbaum is absolutely our most impactful rookie so far.  6 weeks in and, other than a few false starts and a couple mismatches against Quinnen Williams - understandable, given the size difference - he's been an awesome center for us.

Very curious to hear from teams like the Jets and Seahawks, where it seems like you could make a case for almost any of their rookies, but also teams like the Buccs or Vikings where we just haven't heard much from their rookie class.",Most Impactful Rookie for Your Team?
584,nfl,,"[Chicago Sun-Times] Peyton Manning didn't want ESPN's equipment in his house all season, so he actually does the Manningcast from his friend's garage"
585,nfl,,"[NFLonCBS] Most TD from scrimmage since 2015 (Games Played): Todd Gurley 79 (88), Davante Adams 75 (105), Derrick Henry 73 (91), Ezekiel Elliott 70 (94), Melvin Gordon 68 (105).Yes, Todd Gurley was that good"
586,nfl,,"[OC] Jimmy Garoppolo Only Throws To One Part Of The Field | Film breakdown of why he’s so successful there, how defenses try and take it away, and how the 49ers respond"
587,nfl,"Hello everyone!

Thank you to all the people who participated in week 6's Memorability Rankings, where I asked people to rank games according to my made up criteria

1. Not worth watching (1.00 - 1.59)
2. Regular game (1.60 - 2.69)
3. Memorable game (2.70 - 3.74)
4. Hall of Fame (3.75 - 4.00)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#Results

There was only one memorable game this week, according to r/nfl. We're up to 8 memorable games this season.

We also have the least memorable game so far this season. Unsurprisingly, it's a 19-point Bears-Commanders TNF game.


The most common answers for something memorable happening outside a game was:

- **The owner's meeting drama involving Dan Snyder potentially being voted out, Jim Irsay publicly calling for a vote, and Jerry Jones getting angry at Bob Kraft.**
- Robby Anderson getting traded


There were 135 responses this week.

##Data

|Game|Score|Average|Median|Mode|
:--|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|Bills @ Chiefs|3|3.01|3|3|
|Jets @ Packers|2|2.45|2|2|
|Ravens @ Giants|2|2.28|2|2|
|Cowboys @ Eagles|2|2.14|2|2|
|Buccaneers @ Steelers|2|2.12|2|2|
|Jaguars @ Colts|2|1.86|2|2|
|Bengals @ Saints|2|1.85|2|2|
|49ers @ Falcons|2|1.78|2|2|
|Vikings @ Dolphins|2|1.71|2|2|
|Broncos @ Chargers|1|1.59|1|1|
|Patriots @ Browns|1|1.56|2|2|
|Cardinals @ Seahawks|1|1.39|1|1|
|Panthers @ Rams|1|1.24|1|1|
|Commanders @ Bears|1|1.13|1|1|


## Graphs

[Here are the week's and season's results in graph form](https://imgur.com/a/wsp98f8)

The Raiders are still the most memorable team so far, having played two memorable games (both losses) and no forgettable games. The Dolphins, Chiefs, and Bills have played 2 memorable games as well.

The Panthers are the least memorable team, and they'll probably fade further into obscurity after trading Christian McCaffrey.

The AFC South and the NFC East are the least memorable divisions but for different reasons.

## Memorable Games


### Bills @ Chiefs

Is it too early to call the Mahomes-Allen rivalry the new Brady-Manning?

It seems the Bills and Chiefs are here to stay as perennial AFC powerhouses, and it helps that the last few times these teams have played they've always delivered a good game. CBS even pulled the rare move of showing this game to the entire country even though it was a 4:25 EST kickoff. If you like football, you were probably watching this game.

As for the game itself, it wasn't a ridiculous shootout like when these teams met in the AFC Divisional Round last year, but it was still very compelling Tony Romo was able to accurately predict the final score. Both offenses were able to move the ball in good chunks, like they've become accustomed to, but both QBs made crucial turnovers inside field goal range in the first half.

Amazingly, the Chiefs one-uped their famous 13-second FG-drive with 2 timeouts by scoring on a 12-second FG-drive with 1 timeout to close out the first half. It seems like McDermott cannot figure out what to do in that situation.

Nevertheless, Josh Allen and the Bills prevailed, after Allen hurdled a Chiefs defender and leading the bills to the go-ahead score, the great Bills pass defese was able to intercept Mahomes with less than a minute left to play, sealing the Bills' win.

This game will very likely have seeding implications for the AFC playoffs.



-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Previous results

[Week 1](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/xgrjgx/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_1/)

[Week 2](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/xmv9mq/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are)

[Week 3](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/xt5v3e/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_3/)

[Week 4](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/xyvdia/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_4/)

[Week 5](https://old.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/y4poyw/rnfl_votes_on_how_memorable_games_are_week_5/)",r/NFL votes on how Memorable games are - Week 6 Results
588,nfl,"Does anyone else find it interesting that the 49ers have gone all in on SB this year? I mean, they were expected to trade Garapollo after insisting Lance is the future. He goes down and now they are looking towards a SB appearance with the guy they didn’t want under center?
Is Lance’s time over in SF if Jimmy leads the 9ers to ANOTHER respectable season?",49ers all in?
589,nfl,,"[OC] [Highlight] In a 2002 MNF game between Philadelphia and Washington, with the Eagles leading 37-7, play was halted for 8 minutes after pepper spray made its way onto the field, which caused Eagles players to collapse, throw up, and think there was a terrorist attack"
590,nfl,The Bears need a competent center that doesn't immediately get pushed 2 yards into the backfield on every snap.,What is the most glaring position your team needs to upgrade?
591,nfl,,"Hi guys, my mom gave me this, are there any experts who are able to tell me its value?"
592,nfl,,"My mom just gave me this, does anyone know what it's worth?"
593,nfl,Never understood the hype. He’s a check down king throws screens and slants to chase and he takes it 50 yards or they don’t win. I don’t think burrow sucks or anything but he’s one of the most overrated athletes in my entire lifetime. Anyone else notice this? If you haven’t you will. Even some bengals fans are waking up.,Joe burrow is Kirk cousins with flashy clothes and nicknames
594,nfl,"Welcome to today's open thread, where /r/nfl users can discuss anything they wish not related directly to the NFL.

Want to talk about personal life? Cool things about your fandom? Whatever happens to be dominating today's news cycle? Do you have something to talk about that didn't warrant its own thread? This is the place for it!

---

Remember, that there are other subreddits that may be a good fit for what you want to post - every day all day!

* /r/NFLFandom for showing off your fandom
* /r/NFL_Draft for talking in depth about the draft
* /r/NFLNoobs for noob questions, no judgement
* /r/nflblogs for posting blog posts - including your own
* /r/nflofftopic for talking about anything with NFL fans
* /r/nfffffffluuuuuuuuuuuu for all kinds of humor posts
* /r/nflcirclejerk for when /r/NFL just becomes too much
* ... and more - see the sidebar!",Shitpost Saturday
595,nfl,,What happened to Todd Gurley? How ex-Rams star went from 2017 OPOY to out of NFL in 2022
596,nfl,[removed],Sunday 23 October 2022 week all NFl Matches online watching
597,nfl,,Plaxico Burress Spikes the ball at midfield before being touched down during his rookie year with the Steelers
598,nfl,,"Ravens vs Borwns,Panthers vs Buccaneers,Bengals vs Falcons,Cowboys vs Lions,Jaguars vs Giants,Commanders vs Packers,Titans vs Colts Sunday 23 October 2022 week all NFl Matches online watching NOW."
599,nfl,,"It's been a miserable offensive display by the Carolina Panthers so far this season, but rookie tackle Ickey Ekwonu continues his growth. How far can Ekwonu go as a Panther?"
600,nfl,"I feel like Andy Reid and that one dude, can't remember his name, are solid for it.

John Harbaugh *maybe*?  Pete Carroll I think could have been if he didn't spend his career trying too hard to be a poor man's Bill Walton, but that ship has sailed.",Currently active HoF head coaches?
601,nfl,,Recent history shows 49ers' staggering investment at running back
602,nfl,,Minnesota Vikings LB Erik Kendrick’s has some cool behind the scenes stuff on his YouTube!! Check it out🤘🏼
603,nfl,,NBA Hall of Famer Magic Johnson eyes NFL ownership
604,nfl,[deleted],"[Rap] Sources: #Lions P Jack Fox is signing a 3-year extension that makes him the NFL’s highest paid punter at $3.775M per year with $7.5M guaranteed. Fox would’ve been an RFA after 2022, now rewarded by DET. Deal done by powerhouse @AthletesFirst which reps the 2 highest paid punters."
605,nfl,,"[Ian Rapoport] Sources: #Lions P Jack Fox is signing a 3-year extension that makes him the NFL’s highest paid punter at $3.775M per year with $7.5M guaranteed. Fox would’ve been an RFA after 2022, now rewarded by DET. Deal done by powerhouse @AthletesFirst which reps the 2 highest paid punters."
606,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Sources: #Lions P Jack Fox is signing a 3-year extension that makes him the NFL’s highest paid punter at $3.775M per year with $7.5M guaranteed. Fox would’ve been an RFA after 2022, now rewarded by DET. Deal done by powerhouse @AthletesFirst which reps the 2 highest paid punters."
607,nfl,,[Chris McClain] Tremendous active defensive start for the Hornets. And it's keying the fast break. And yes I realize they are playing a hideous team and it's only night one.
608,nfl,,[Set the Edge] How to Steal Millions From Those Who Need it Most: The Brett Favre Playbook
609,nfl,"Coming into training camp, like every season there were positive vibes and high hopes by folks in the Giants, Panthers, and Cowboys training camps about their star running backs health and outlook going forward. We had reason to be concerned about **E.Elliot**, **S.Barkley** and **C.McCaffrey** given their declines relative to their early career peaks.   

Going into the season I **analyzed the likelihood that these running backs would make it back (or reasonably close) to their peak years when they were at the top of the league.** My analysis wasn't based on each of the players specific situation, injury type, reason for decline, and outlook (I'm not that smart), it was simply a look back at all running backs who have experienced a similar statistical pattern as these three and what happened to those guys; young stars, followed by a decline earlier than expected based on their age.. 

**My criteria** 

* RB making the pro bowl before age 26 since 1978 (N = 107)
* Then I narrowed this list down by players who had a clear decline in production (injury-related or not). This took the sample size down to 35 (out of the 107)

Then I looked at what happened next and **categorized their remaining years into three categories**: a *bounce back* (at or close to their early pro bowl production), or the decline was truly the beginning of a continued *gradual decline,* or they *dropped off a cliff.* 

I also hypothesized that early draft picks would have a higher rate of bouncing back, because teams are more vested in their success and are more willing to stick with that player. The results confirmed that was the case. A team is more likely to keep trying to force a top ten pick like George Rogers to play well, than they are to stick with later round picks like Barry Foster or Rueben Mayes after a decline. 

**Overall, 31% of running backs who have a somewhat similar criteria to McCaffrey, Barkley and Elliot returned close to their early dominance for a sustained period of time. But if they were a top 10 draft pick like these three guys, they came back 71% of the time.** 

https://preview.redd.it/jbncanqqlcv91.png?width=1007&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=1acc77e5ea4f256fd6fb17c8f0fc3ad20ec85a00

* Examples of guys who fit the criteria of a full bounce back: *Edgerrin James, Steven Jackson, Jerome Bettis*. 
* Examples of a continued gradual decline: *Natrone Means, Devonta Freeman, Jordan Howard*.
* Examples of an abrupt end to their career: *Jay Ajayi, Eddie Lacy, Barry Foster*.

**Caveats galore**: This is **highly subjective**. There was no formula to determine ""*bounce back*"" or ""*gradual decline*"". I **eyeballed their performance** (mostly yards from scrimmage) and made the determination. Same with the decline in production for the group of 35 decliners out of 107 running backs who made the pro bowl before age 25. My criteria for early success (pro bowl by age 25) and a decline at or before their prime (age 26 or younger) are **arbitrary**, but I thought it was a sensible way to do this. And of course, we have some real **sample size issues** in this data. 

Hope you find this chart interesting.",[OC] Analysis: Using historical data to shed light on concerns about Christian McCaffrey's ability to bounce back (and stay for a while) at a high level after two injury-riddled seasons
610,nfl,,"[Yates] Since the start of the 2021 season, the Chiefs and 49ers have each scored 47 offensive TDs on plays featuring pre-snap motion. That's the most in the NFL. You'll see plenty of motion this Sunday when these two square off."
611,nfl,,Are you looking for an online job?
612,nfl,,Can anyone help me I’ve turned on the location services but it doesn’t work
613,nfl,[removed],RedFoxx NFT
614,nfl,"Week 1- Commanders, Eagles, Giants win

Week 2- Giants, Eagles, Cowboys win

Week 3 - Commanders played Eagles and Cowboys played Giants. 2 had to win and 2 had to lose.

Week 4- Giants, Eagles, Cowboys win

Week 5- Giants, Eagles, Cowboys win 

Week 6- Giants, Eagles, Commanders win 

Giants play the Jaguars. Commanders play the Packers, Cowboys play the Lions. It’s very possible to keep this streak up.","There has only been 1 week where less than 3 teams in the NFC East won, and that week it was all division games, so 2 were bound to win, and 2 were going to lose. Eagles have a bye this week."
615,nfl,,The Christian McCaffrey Trade Is a Wildly Fun All-In Move for the 49ers
616,nfl,Curious if anyone's going thru something similar,conflict after Thursdays game?
617,nfl,Anyone know the average drives per game by year? Also how much above average was chip Kelly’s team last time he coached?,Drives per game averages
618,nfl,,2006 NFL on CBS Intro (feat. Dick Enberg)
619,nfl,"A few weeks ago I went to the 49ers team store to get an on-field edition Talanoa Hufanga jersey but the only jerseys they sell of that quality in the shop are Lance, Kittle, Warner, Bosa, Aiyuk, Garappolo, Deebo, Gore, Willis. Those kinda dudes.   

I tried on a jersey for size and then I ordered the future DPOY’s jersey on October 2nd.

It says I’m supposed to get it on the 31st of October, but I’m worried I’m not going to get it in time for the Chargers game in November.


Does anyone know if that’s accurate?   


I want it !","49ers team store doesn’t sell Hufanga jerseys, does anyone know how long the custom jerseys on NFLShop take to ship?"
620,nfl,[deleted],https://mobile.twitter.com/SeattleKraken/status/1583664010733400064
621,nfl,,Even the hockey teams are getting in on the fun
622,nfl,Even the hockey teams are getting in on the fun,https://mobile.twitter.com/SeattleKraken/status/1583664010733400064
623,nfl,,NFL Streams Reddit
624,nfl,,NFL Streams Reddit
625,nfl,,stream nfl games
626,nfl,,nfl live stream
627,nfl,,Poor Panther Fans
628,nfl,,Christian McCaffrey might be the RB — and final Super Bowl puzzle piece — Kyle Shanahan and 49ers have sought
629,nfl,"Welp, didn’t think the Panthers season would be over with by week 7 but here we are and Its already time to think about the future. Who do you guys honestly think is the best option for their next Head Coach?",Who’s Next?
630,nfl,,"[David Lombardi ] Shanahan re: passing on McCaffrey in the 2017 draft: ""I told Christian this was our plan all along. We wanted to build a D-line first and then add him five and a half years later."""
631,nfl,,"[David Lombardi ] Shanahan re: passing on McCaffrey in the 2017 draft: ""I told Christian this was our plan all along. We wanted to build a D-line first and then add him five and a half years later."""
632,nfl,,"[David Lombardi ] Shanahan re: passing on McCaffrey in the 2017 draft: ""I told Christian this was our plan all along. We wanted to build a D-line first and then add him five and a half years later."""
633,nfl,,"[David Lombardi ] Shanahan re: passing on McCaffrey in the 2017 draft: ""I told Christian this was our plan all along. We wanted to build a D-line first and then add him five and a half years later."""
634,nfl,,"[David Lombardi ] Jeff Wilson Jr: ""If it's a check, take it to the back of the room and cash it. We've got the best (running back) group in the NFL, and that's the bottom line."""
635,nfl,,Russell Wilson's 'Dangerwich' removed from Subway's menu after awkward commercials go viral on social media
636,nfl,,"[] Shanahan re: passing on McCaffrey in the 2017 draft: ""I told Christian this was our plan all along. We wanted to build a D-line first and then add him five and a half years later."""
637,nfl,,"[NFL Officiating]#BUFvMIA at the end of the game, the mechanics by the umpire were properly administered. The ball was spotted on the hash with two seconds left in the game as BUF came to the line of scrimmage."
638,nfl,,Broncos need to get Jokic to suit up low key
639,nfl,Have we become the Cleveland browns?,[myself] sigh. Carolina Panthers.
640,nfl,,[SeattleKraken] (After defeating the Colorado Avs) KRAKEN COUNTRY...LET'S GLIDE!!!! 😎
641,nfl,,Russ created a monster
642,nfl,,"[BenchwarmerBran] The 49ers are gonna put Deebo in the backfield, CMC out wide, and Juszczyk in the slot and it’s gonna be sick and then Jimmy’s gonna underthrow Aiyuk by 4 yards for an INT"
643,nfl,,Even the Kraken are taking a shot at Russ
644,nfl,,NFL Players Hitting 2023 Free Agency Who Are Earning Major Paydays
645,nfl,Hollywood Brown is to Urgent Care Brown as Antonio Brown is to Unemployed Brown,Official
646,nfl,,Jason Kelce guns a beer while next to the Phanatic in between innings
647,nfl,[removed],NFL+ Premium subscription disappears off my account this week
648,nfl,Hey guys I’m planning on watching a game with my parents this weekend and they just found out it’s out of market so they can’t record it. We were planning on watching the game a couple hours after it starts so kind of just looking to see if there is any streaming service or something where can watch games that are out of market and also not live. Just need a way to watch a game that started 2 hours beforehand and is out of market pretty much. It’s a CBS game at 3 so it would be on paramount+ if was in market but it isn’t. Anyways any help would be appreciated. Thanks,Quick Out of Market Game Question
649,nfl,For me it's Jack Sanborn on the Bears. He's a 2022 UDFA LB out of Wisconsin who was spectacular in the pre-season. I think he will be a quality starter for us in the future.,Who's your favorite player on your team that most people have never heard of?
650,nfl,[removed],"If you could change one draft pick in your teams history to a player at the same position that went after him, what would it be?"
651,nfl,[removed],Trolling
652,nfl,,"[KP] This morning on @KNBR, Kyle Shanahan said the 49ers gave Christian McCaffrey the highest medical grade of any player they've ever had during his tenure. He said he'd put CMC on the Bosa level. Shanahan believes McCaffrey is back to being fully healthy."
653,nfl,"We all know several examples. Spygate. Hiring lip readers... I'm curious if any of you can remember other examples of teams intel and counterintel tactics.
For instance, always heard rumors about teams signing certain players specifically to gain insight on their former teams playbook, audible terms and whatnot. Has this ever been substantiated?",NFL espionage...Anyone have a good story about the lengths teams will go to spy on each other?
654,nfl,,[Jason OTC] Teams with no 1st round pick next year and their current record: Saints: 2-5 Broncos: 2-4 Browns: 2-4 49ers- 3-3 Rams- 3-3
655,nfl,"
Alabama - Alabama Crimson Tide

Alaska - 

Arizona - Arizona ⚾️

Arkansas - 

California - Golden State Warriors

Colorado - Colorado Avalanche

Connecticut - Yale 🏒

Delaware - 

Florida - Tampa Bay Lightning 

Georgia - Georgia Bulldogs 🏈

Hawaii - 

Idaho - Boise State 🏈

Illinois - Chicago Cubs

Indiana - Indianapolis Colts

Iowa -
Kansas - Kansas Jayhawks 🏀

Kentucky - Louisville Cardinals 🏀

Louisiana - LSU Tigers 🏈

Maine - Maine 🏒

Maryland - Baltimore Ravens 

Massachusetts - Umass 🏒

Michigan - Detroit Red Wings

Minnesota - Minnesota 🏒

Mississippi - Ole Miss Rebels ⚾️

Missouri - Kansas City Chiefs

Montana - 

Nebraska -

Nevada - UNLV 🏀

New Hampshire -

New Jersey - New Jersey Devils

New Mexico -

New York - Union 🏒

North Carolina - North Carolina Tar Heels 🏀

North Dakota - North Dakota 🏒

Ohio - Cleveland Cavaliers

Oklahoma - Oklahoma 🏈

Oregon - Oregon State ⚾️

Pennsylvania - Villanova 🏀

Rhode Island - Providence 🏒

South Carolina - Clemson Tigers 🏈

South Dakota  - South Dakota Jackrabbits 🏀

Tennessee - Vanderbilt Commodores ⚾️

Texas - Baylor Bears 🏀

Utah - 

Vermont - 

Virginia - Virginia Cavaliers 🏀

Washington - 

West Virginia -

Wisconsin - Milwaukee Bucks 

Wyoming - Wyoming 1943

Washington DC - Washington Nationals",Most recent Championship won by state. I need help making this list for a post on Instagram. Please help if you can!
656,nfl,,[Todd Gurley] Fake News
657,nfl,,"[Tom Downey] For every 69 likes this gets, I'll make Dak Prescott's thumb bigger (look at the whole thread)"
658,nfl,"
Alabama - Alabama Crimson Tide
Alaska - 
Arizona - Arizona ⚾️
Arkansas - 
California - Golden State Warriors
Colorado - Colorado Avalanche
Connecticut - Yale 🏒
Delaware - 
Florida - Tampa Bay Lightning 
Georgia - Georgia Bulldogs 🏈
Hawaii - 
Idaho - Boise State 🏈
Illinois - Chicago Cubs
Indiana - Indianapolis Colts
Iowa -
Kansas - Kansas Jayhawks 🏀
Kentucky - Louisville Cardinals 🏀
Louisiana - LSU Tigers 🏈
Maine - Maine 🏒
Maryland - Baltimore Ravens 
Massachusetts - Umass 🏒
Michigan - Detroit Red Wings
Minnesota - Minnesota 🏒
Mississippi - Ole Miss Rebels ⚾️
Missouri - Kansas City Chiefs
Montana - 
Nebraska -
Nevada - UNLV 🏀
New Hampshire -
New Jersey - New Jersey Devils
New Mexico -
New York - Union 🏒
North Carolina - North Carolina Tar Heels 🏀
North Dakota - North Dakota 🏒
Ohio - Cleveland Cavaliers
Oklahoma - Oklahoma 🏈
Oregon - Oregon State ⚾️
Pennsylvania - Villanova 🏀
Rhode Island - Providence 🏒
South Carolina - Clemson Tigers 🏈
South Dakota  -
Tennessee - Vanderbilt Commodores ⚾️
Texas - Baylor Bears 🏀
Utah - 
Vermont - 
Virginia - Virginia Cavaliers 🏀
Washington - 
West Virginia -
Wisconsin - Milwaukee Bucks 
Wyoming - Wyoming 1943
Washington DC - Washington Nationals",Most recent Championships won by each state. Please help if you can I’m making a post for instagram and am tired of doing research.😭 If you’re from one of the empty states you could be a big help.
659,nfl,,[PFF] Most missed tackles forced on runs among NFC RBs: Kenneth Walker - 22 (44 attempts); Dalvin Cook - 22 (94 attempts); Saquon Barkley - 20 (119 attempts).
660,nfl,,The Seahawks are the only team in the NFL that has never worn white jerseys at home
661,nfl,,"[KNBR] ""The chances that any one of those picks become a player you want a second contract for...I'm guessing less than 25%...when you know you have a guaranteed guy...that's something I feel you never look back on."" - Kyle Shanahan on CMC trade during the Murph &amp; Mac Podcast"
662,nfl,"Im specifically talking about the “pocket passers” Tom Brady, Aaron Rodgers, Mac Jones, Matt Stafford, Patrick Mahomes, Jameis Winston. Why don’t they run and eat healthy instead of being muscle fat. Imagine if they dedicated time to becoming elite mobile qbs they would be unbeatable 

I started eating healthy and running and I’m running nfl combine level speeds now  so what’s stopping the guys that are literally being paid millions to wake up and be the best football player they can be",Why don’t NFL QBs just work on their mobility so they can be dual threat QBs
663,nfl,"Who are your top 5 non extended QBs in order and why? By non extended, I mean guys still playing on rookie deals or undrafted. 

You’d think Lamar would be an easy #1 here. He’s my favorite QB to watch currently but his over reliance on running and lack of clutch has him lower for me. 

1) Herbert
2) Burrow 
3) Hurts
4) Lamar
5) Honestly don’t think there’s anyone I would extend to out here",Top 5 Non Extended QBs?
664,nfl,,"[Cimini] Dave Herman, starting OLM on the Jets’ Super Bowl III team, has passed away at 81. Famously moved to RT for Super Bowl + did terrific job on Colts DE Bubba Smith, who was 6 inches taller. Played 10 seasons, 128 Gs for #Jets. Two-time all star"
665,nfl,,"[NFL Throwback] The Monday Night MUD Bowl! Steelers beat the Dolphins 3-0 in week 12, November 26 2007."
666,nfl,,"[Bridget Condon] Keenan Allen on what needs to happen between now and Sunday for him to play ""God."""
667,nfl,https://twitter.com/bridgetcondon_/status/1583557174046773248?s=46&amp;t=mCG1gBzqKbkzxtSGanhdfA,"[Bridget Condon] Keenan Allen on what needs to happen between now and Sunday for him to play ""God."""
668,nfl,,"Saquon Barkley calls shoulder injury ""annoying,"" but he insists it won't limit him - ProFootballTalk"
669,nfl,,Ex-Ram Gurley almost certain he's done in NFL
670,nfl,,"[NFL Throwback] Absolute Bizarre Ride of a Game! (Browns vs Ravens, 2007 Week 11)"
671,nfl,,"keed help kicking, I can't get enough height"
672,nfl,"Mods this is a genuine question don't get angry.

Anyways let's say Brisset has the ball. Before calling hike Njoku runs up to him and starts violently kissing him. Like they're full on making out. The other players would be so caught off guard he could call hike and hand the ball to Chubb.

The other players are to shocked to know what's going on and Chubb gets an easy TD. 

Now this question was asked in the NBA subreddit and got serious results I would like to know if we could do the same in the NFL.

Mods this post does not violate any guidelines. It is a serious post and it is not a frequently asked question.",As a trick play could you have two players kiss? (Serious)
673,nfl,,CMC
674,nfl,,"Packers-Commanders Injury Report: Packers WR Christian Watson, Randall Cobb, G Jake Hanson OUT. Commanders WR Dyami Brown, CB William Jackson, TE Logan Thomas, QB Carson Wentz and RB Jonathan Williams OUT. T Sam Cosmi, WR Jahan Dotson and TE John Bates questionable."
675,nfl,,"[OC] [Highlight] Saints HC Dennis Allen is just the 7th HC in NFL history to start 2-5 or worse after taking over for a team that had a winning record the previous year. The other 6: Ken Meyer, Dan Henning, Frank Gansz, Richie Petitbon, Marty Mornhinweg, Raheem Morris"
676,nfl,[removed],Streaming service preference
677,nfl,,[Cardinals] C̶a̶n̶’̶t̶ Win At Home. C̶a̶n̶’̶t̶ Win In Primetime. C̶a̶n̶’̶t̶ Win In Color Rush. C̶a̶n̶’̶t̶ Win In Black Helmets. About Last Night...
678,nfl,,Raiders Announce Official Game Status For Darren Waller
679,nfl,,49ers Getting 3 Key Players Back For Game vs. Chiefs
680,nfl,,N'Keal Harry Sends Clear Message Before Season Debut vs Patriots
681,nfl,,[Kollman] Here is a little breakdown of the Dart play I was talking about last night on stream.
682,nfl,,J.K. Dobbins Needs Another Surgery: Fans React
683,nfl,[removed],J.K. Dobbins Needs Another Surgery: Fans React
684,nfl,,"[Lombardi] I walked into the 49ers locker room and saw Spencer Burford. He’s very excited about Christian McCaffrey joining his team and also an avid M@dden player, so he wants his new RB on there too: “Man, they need to get that roster update up! It should there within the next 24 hours.”"
685,nfl,,"[Lombardi] I walked into the 49ers locker room and saw Spencer Burford. He’s very excited about Christian McCaffrey joining his team and also an avid Madden player, so he wants his new RB on there too: “Man, they need to get that roster update up! It should there within the next 24 hours.”"
686,nfl,,"[Jason_OTC] Had some ask for this today, so here is an early look at estimated top 51 cap space vs the early FS draft values for next year Top Right- Solid draft and solid cap Bottom Right- Solid cap, below avg draft Top Left- Poor cap, solid draft Bottom Left= Poor cap, below avg draft"
687,nfl,,"[Wawrow] The #Bills offered a second-round draft pick for CMC, but weren’t prepared to budge further."
688,nfl,,Chargers Wide Receiver Keenan Allen Took Important Step Today
689,nfl,,"[Bell] Pete Carroll on Seahawks’ NFC west-rival 49ers trading for Christian McCaffery: “That’s a big-time trade, a big-time commitment to go after him. He’s a great player, so that makes them better.”"
690,nfl,,[Highlight] Yahoo Sports
691,nfl,,Why Did The San Francisco 49ers Trade For Christian McCaffrey? | Sharp Football
692,nfl,,Chargers Wide Receiver Keenan Allen Took Important Step Today
693,nfl,,Wolverine blood
694,nfl,,[PFF] CMC IS HERE
695,nfl,,Yahoo Sports
696,nfl,,NFL Gumball/Supermarket helmets
697,nfl,,Kyle Murray yelling at Kliff Kingsbury
698,nfl,,Patrick Mahomes Reacts To Awful Roughing The Passer Calls
699,nfl,,"[Lombardi] Shanahan re: passing on McCaffrey in the 2017 draft: ""I told Christian this was our plan all along. We wanted to build a D-line first and then add him five and a half years later."""
700,nfl,,"[Sharp] since this 2020 thread, the 49ers: used a 3rd to draft a RB in 2021, used a 3rd to draft a RB in 2022, used a 6th to draft a RB in 2021, and now the 49ers traded a 2nd in 2023, 3rd in 2023, 4th in 2023, 5th in 2024 for a RUNNING BACK"
701,nfl,,[Daniel Valente] Stats That Matter: Kenny Pickett is UNDEFEATED in games that follow the release of a movie starring Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. Won at Pitt after the release of Red Notice &amp; Jumanjii: The Next Level. Good news for Steelers since Dwayne’s new film Black Adam just came out.
702,nfl,,"[OurSF49ers] #49ers DE Nick Bosa, LT Trent Williams, and S Jimmie Ward are not listed on the injury report, per Kyle Shanahan"
703,nfl,,Stats That Matter: Kenny Pickett is UNDEFEATED in games that follow the release of a movie starring Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson. Won at Pitt after the release of Red Notice &amp; Jumanjii: The Next Level. Good news for Steelers since Dwayne’s new film Black Adam just came out.
704,nfl,,[Christian McCaffrey] What better way to wrap up the season than swap jerseys with one of my #LowesHomeTeam teammates? The @lowes associates are amazing and I’m so proud of the work we’ve done in our local communities this year. #LowesPartner
705,nfl,,"OurSF49ers on Twitter: #49ers DE Nick Bosa, LT Trent Williams, and S Jimmie Ward are not listed on the injury report, per Kyle Shanahan"
706,nfl,,"[Zrebiec] Ravens will have over 50 members of the SB-winning XLVII-winning team at M&amp;T Bank Stadium Sunday for the 10-year anniversary of franchise’s second world championship. Fans encouraged to be in their seats by 12:30 p.m., when team will be be announced and recognized."
707,nfl,,"[Kleiman] #Steelers WR Chase Claypool is a player NFL teams have inquired about. Executives believe he was available for trade during preseason. His price would be similar to what the #Panthers got for CMC, a league executive told @BillHuberNFL Multiple “2nd-round picks, a 3rd and a 5th.”"
708,nfl,,Cowboys vs Lions Preview
709,nfl,,[Christian McCaffrey] Never understood why people say “cool beans.”
710,nfl,,Revenge is a dish best served cold
711,nfl,,"[Condon] Keenan Allen on what needs to happen between now and Sunday for him to play ""God."""
712,nfl,,"Central PA sauce company, Delgrossos, releases Immaculate Marinara Sauce in honor of 50th Anniversary of the Immaculate Reception."
713,nfl,,"[Matt Schneidman] Jaire Alexander on defending Taylor Heinicke: ""Normally when I play Madden, I just, shoot, man, I just blitz everybody, honestly. That’s what I feel like will work, but I’m not the DC."""
714,nfl,,[Siciliano] Todd Gurley announces that he is done playing football
715,nfl,,"[SNYJets] ""We love him, and I know how important he is to this team. We’re going to do everything we can. We’re winning games. We’re having a lot of fun. Really all we can do is keep learning and growing and letting him know that, yeah, I need him."" Zach Wilson on Elijah Moore"
716,nfl,,Changing the Culture
717,nfl,,[Matt Barrows]: Christian McCaffrey’s college number was 5 2 + 3 = 5 His new number is 23
718,nfl,[removed],What should happen so the Deshaun trade would end as the worst trade of all time?
719,nfl,,"[Matt Barrows] - Charvarius Ward is on hand for today’s practice. Talanoa Hufanga is in a blue, no-contact jersey."
720,nfl,,[Wizskins] Washington Commanders Official Theme Song
721,nfl,,DeAndre Hopkins Compares Kliff Kingsbury and Kyler Murray’s Sideline Incident to ‘Being Married’
722,nfl,,[Garafolo] Broncos listing QB Russell Wilson as questionable. Nathaniel Hackett says he's a game-time decision.
723,nfl,,"[NFL]The Christian McCaffrey Foundation launched ‘The Logan Project’ to honor Logan Hale. Help @CMC_22 deliver his dream of connecting children in hospitals, through gaming."
724,nfl,,"[Schefter] Ravens’ standout RB J.K. Dobbins is expected to undergo arthroscopic knee surgery next week that would sideline him 4-6 weeks, per sources."
725,nfl,"A theme of the last LA Charger season and something that seems to still be part of this season early on is every win seems to be close and not easy and they seem to lose a lot of those ''big'' games and are generally seen as a close but no cigar team with a consistency problem. 

&amp;#x200B;

In Layman's terms is Herbert a taller Detroit Matt Stafford? aka a generational arm talent that just can't seem to elevate a historically inconstant franchise with some talent or do you think it's mostly coaching for the lack of winning thus far?",Is Justin Herbert Detroit Matt Stafford or just held back by coaching?
726,nfl,,"[Ed Werder] The #Cardinals now have four victories vs. Andy Dalton as a starting QB in the last four seasons. Those wins have come vs. four different teams: Cincinnati (2019), Dallas (2020), Chicago (2021) and New Orleans (2022). Arizona collected nine INTs in those four contests."
727,nfl,,[Derrick] Chiefs have signed former Bears and Vikings WR Ihmir Smith-Marsette to their practice squad. He was on the field for practice Friday.
728,nfl,,[BuffaloJetFan] Moore Targets (first 17 games of career)
729,nfl,,[Christian McCaffrey] Touched down in The Bay! Feels good to be back😎! Bang Bang Niner Gang God is Good
730,nfl,https://twitter.com/davidsteiny?s=21&amp;t=Pfwy9XH1xDfiOWTuag_TeA,Elijah Moore burner account
731,nfl,,"Good Offense, Bad Defense: What history has to say about the Seahawks’ conundrum - Field Gulls"
732,nfl,,[Citak] Fabian Moreau ranked among top 10 shutdown cornerbacks by @NextGenStats
733,nfl,"Just noticed the Rams played the Panthers in CMC's last game in Carolina, and now, after their bye, the Rams are hosting the 49ers. Gotta feel for their DC.",The Rams have to play against CMC in two consecutive weeks
734,nfl,,[Rapoport] From NFL Now: #Jets WR Elijah Moore won't play with his team this Sunday vs. the #Broncos.
735,nfl,,DeSean Jackson on Lamar Jackson: 'I see a lot of characteristics similar to Michael Vick'
736,nfl,,"[Hensley] Rashod Bateman on if his ""lol"" tweet was for anything in particular, he said: ""It's not about DeSean Jackson. I'm glad he's here. He's a future Hall of Famer. We love him here. I know he's going to help this team win. We're all looking forward to that. I promise you that."""
737,nfl,,"[Werder] The #Cardinals now have four victories vs. Andy Dalton as a starting QB in the last four seasons. Those wins have come vs. four different teams: Cincinnati (2019), Dallas (2020), Chicago (2021) and New Orleans (2022). Arizona collected nine INTs in those four contests."
738,nfl,,"[Up&amp;Adams] Brandon Marshall: “I saw Zach Wilson’s presser yesterday, he handled it totally wrong... I spoke to Elijah Moore and I told him I support him. I'm in his corner"""
739,nfl,,[B/R Gridiron] Josh Allen has more total yards this season than 25 NFL teams.
740,nfl,[removed],What actually happened to T.Y. Hilton?
741,nfl,,"[Film Room] - The history, execution, and downfall of the Power Option Shovel, and why the Chiefs are the only team that is remotely competent at running it."
742,nfl,,Christian McCaffrey vs. Jimmy Garoppolo -- Who'd You Rather?!
743,nfl,,[Highlight] Top Ten Plays of Week 6 By Win Probability Added
744,nfl,,"[Stevens] The Broncos are going all out to celebrate the Super Bowl XXXII team this weekend, including: Happy Hour in the team locker room, attending Saturday’s practice with lunch, reunion celebration at the stadium with dinner and a special ceremony at halftime of the Jets game"
745,nfl,,Just a reminder that Tom Brady is a young 45 years old and still one of the better QB's in the league.
746,nfl,"It seems crazy that Josh Gordon's prime was nearly ten years ago, but yet it was. His last truly good season was in 2018, maybe 2019. He was cut by the Chiefs in August after a relatively disappointing 2021 season with them and then cut by the Titans just a few days ago after getting no receptions despite the Titans having one of the worst receiver corps in the league. This all begs the question, is Josh Gordon done? Will he find another team or is he finally out of opportunities?",Do You Think Josh Gordon's Done?
747,nfl,[removed],What If Tebow Switched To TE Earlier In His Career
748,nfl,,[ProFootballTalk] Scott Fitterer: Panthers still expect to win.
749,nfl,,"[Shannon Sharpe] “Skip, you cannot hold Tom Brady to the same standards you heard.. tale to Tim Tebow. …. When it come time and to do what he needed to do, Tim Tebow did that! That’s Tom Bleepin Brady!”"
750,nfl,,"[Pouncy] Jeff Okudah led all Lions players in week 7 PFF grade (86.1). He set career highs in overall grade, run defense (90.1), tackling (84.1), and coverage (75.1)."
751,nfl,"A ton of QBs who were multi-year starters a few years ago now appear to be regressing, on their way out in the near future, or already out of the league. All while very few of the past couple year's QBs have managed to prove themselves yet. Among the QBs regressing/already gone in recent years we have:

1. Big Ben

2. Wentz

3. Matt Ryan

4. Rodgers

5. Brady (maybe?)

6. Russel Wilson (maybe he can rebound?)

7. Derek Carr

8. Philip Rivers

9. Goff

10. Andy Dalton

11. Cam Newton

12. Eli Manning

13. Fitzpatrick

14. Winston

15. Brees

16. Alex Smith

17. Flacco

Meanwhile, how many of the past few year's rookie QBs are sure-fire guys already? I don't think anyone from the past 2 years has proven it yet, though it's obviously too early to say that none will. 2020 was the best QB draft in years and gave the league:

1. Herbert

2. Burrow

3. Hurts

4. Tua (probably?)

2019 has Kyler Murray and maybe Daniel Jones? 2018 had Allen and Jackson who are obviously both great, but not even any backup tier guys behind them except maybe Mayfield. 2017 has Mahomes and Watson. 2016 only has Dak. 2015 has nobody.

Is the NFL going to be in for a massive crunch at QB unless a bunch of the 2021 and 2022 QBs pan out? Are the next couple years of draft prospects likely to be good enough to save the league?",Is the League heading into the biggest QB shortage in years?
752,nfl,[removed],Prediction: Joe Burrow and Bengals will go undefeated rest of the season and win Super Bowl this year.
753,nfl,"I feel really bad for the position that Todd Bowles is in. Unfortunately, he is stuck between a rock and hard place. 

When you have a QB who is not all-in, it trickles down to the rest of the team. The coaching staff and players are saying all the right things, about the 11-day absence, about going to a different owner's wedding, about skipping a Saturday walkthrough, about Brady yelling and screaming at guys. 

The QB is not all-in. And as a result of the QB's antics, Todd Bowles and the players get constant questions about the QB. It creates an environment where the reporters find it acceptable to ask the Head Coach about seeking help from the former Head Coach. 

How can a Head Coach be in full control of a team when the QB shows that he is above the team?",Tom Brady has undermined Todd Bowles' authority
754,nfl,,"[Schefter] Giants’ TE Daniel Bellinger will undergo surgery this week on his fractured eye socket, per HC Brian Daboll. Bellinger will be out indefinitely and it’s uncertain whether he will play again this season."
755,nfl,,Commanders ask fans to put away 'sell the team' signs during home game vs. Packers
756,nfl,,[Danneman] The #Bengals are only the third NFL team in the last 50 years to go 7 straight games without allowing a second half TD.
757,nfl,,"[Cimini] The Breece Hall effect: When Hall was on the field, the Jets averaged 5.6 yards per rush, which would rank as the best mark in the NFL. But with Hall off the field, they've averaged only 3.6 yards per rush, which would rank 29th."
758,nfl,,Iggy Azalea Puts Raiders Reporter on Blast For Not Liking Her Performance
759,nfl,,"[Burton] Sean McVay on RB Cam Akers: ""Talking to different teams. No new updates. As of right now he's on our team, on our roster and we're taking it a day at a time."" Says they're looking into moving him to a new team, but not definite."
760,nfl,"I know early in all of these young guys career, but I think at 2 and a half years we have an idea of how they are shaping up. We have

Joe Burrow, Justin Herbert, Tua Tagovailoa and jalen Hurts. Also, side question do you think Jordan Love will ever product at a high level?",Rank the quarterbacks from the 2020 draft class so far
761,nfl,,[Rapoport] It’s not only Breece Hall. #Jets coach Robert Saleh announces that standout OL Alijah Vera-Tucker will miss the rest of the season with a torn triceps.
762,nfl,"I'm convinced the best statistic measure of which teams are best, year in and year out, is the simple measure of net pts.  Obviously, it gets better as the season progresses, but even at this point, through most of week 7, I think it's already pretty good, and in many ways (perhaps not completely though, after all this method is uber simplistic), better than the rank lists that NFL.com or /r/nfl put out.  Here's how it plays out currently for this season, from #1 best team, to the worst:

Team		Net Pts
Bills			95
Eagles		56
Chiefs		51
Bengals		41
Cowboys		30
Patriots		28
Jets			22
Vikings		21
Giants		20
Ravens		20
Jaguars		18
Raiders		13
49ers		12
Buccaneers	0
Seahawks		-3
Falcons		-8
Titans		-13
Broncos		-15
Dolphins		-18
Packers		-18
Browns		-18
Cardinals		-20
Rams		-22
Chargers		-25
Bears		-25
Panthers		-25
Saints		-25
Colts			-27
Commanders	-31
Texans		-31
Lions			-48
Steelers		-55

Another way to use this stat might be to come up with favorites point differentials.  For instance, next week, Steelers will play the eagles.  Total pt differential = 111.  Over 7 games, so the expected spread might be 111/7 = 15.8, or, Eagles favored by just over 2 touchdowns. 

Broncos and Jaguars: 33/7 = Jags by 4.5 say.",The best zero-though method of ranking the teams
763,nfl,[removed],Helo
764,nfl,People calling the camera guy Adams shoved down “soft”… I guarantee if a random person shoved you down on the streets you wouldn’t just be like “haha! That’s ok man! I forgive you bc I’m not soft!” Lmao,Calling camera guy “soft”
765,nfl,"Almost every single subreddit can be reduced to 2 outcomes.

Is your team above .500 and are you winning your current game? Praise ur QB/RB or whoever is leading your team to victory.

Is your team ever so slightly below .500 and having a bad game? Fire your head coach, call for ownership to sell the franchise, cut the QB, rebuild.

I can understand this kind of complaining if your team is historically bad (Cleveland, Detroit) but it's funny to see subs like r/steelers or r/patriots complaining after many years of very consistent winning and playoff appearances. 

calm the fuck down, your team is not that bad, your offensive coordinator is not that stupid unless you are seriously one of the bottom 3 teams in the NFL right now.",NFL Subreddits are the most reactionary sports forums on the internet.
766,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Tests have confirmed that #Jets RB Breece Hall did, in fact, tear his ACL as the team feared, source said after the MRI. He also had a meniscus injury. His promising rookie season is over."
767,nfl,"10. Kurt Warner 
9. Patrick Mahomes 
8 Steve Young 
7. Brett Favre 
6.Dan Marino 
5 Aaron Rodgers 
4.John Elway 
3. Joe Montana 
2. Payton Manning 
1. Tom Brady",My Top 10 QB All time
768,nfl,[removed],Is the narrative that Joe Burrow holds onto the ball too long officially dead?
769,nfl,,"[Finlay] Ron Rivera tells me “more than likely” Commanders start 21-day return from IR clock Wednesday AM for Chase Young, but “very slim” chance he plays vs Colts. Rivera wants to focus on Young’s football conditioning first."
770,nfl,,"[Schefter] Tests today revealed that Chargers’ WR Mike Williams suffered a high ankle sprain and, according to a source, “will miss some time.”"
771,nfl,,[Andrew Groover] Falcons made the right call on Matt Ryan and Julio Jones.
772,nfl,[deleted],Andrew Groover on Twitter
773,nfl,"|Player|Team|Games|
|:-|:-:|-:|
|^ Christian McCaffrey|[](/CAR) CAR)|11|
|Larry Centers|[](/ARI) ARI, [](/BUF) BUF|6|
|LaDainian Tomlinson|[](/LAC) SD|6|
|^\ **Austin Ekeler**|[](/LAC) **LAC**|**6**|

^\ = Active
______

Austin Ekeler is also the sixth RB to record 10+ receptions in consecutive games.

|Player|Team|Season(s)|
|:-|:-:|-:|
|Clark Gaines|[](/NYJ) NYJ|1980|
|James Wilder|[](/TB) TB|1984|
|Lionel James|[](/LAC) SD|1985
|Larry Centers|[](/ARI) ARI|1995/96*|
|Matt Forte|[](/CHI) CHI|2014|
|Ty Montgomery|[](/GB) GB|2016|
|**Austin Ekeler**|[](/LAC) **LAC**|**2022**|

* = Larry Centers achieved this over the course of two seasons; the last game of 1995 and the first game of 1996.
|","Austin Ekeler just notched his sixth 10+ reception game, tied for the 2nd most double-digit reception games among RBs in NFL history."
774,nfl,"We all know Russ and Matt Ryan have been less than stellar. Who else, more under the radar, is struggling on your team?",Who is quietly having a terrible season?
775,nfl,,[McMaster] Who knew when the Jets dodged a bullet with the Zach Wilson injury that there were a dozen more bullets directly behind it...
776,nfl,,"Brian Burns is really coming into his own following the departure of Haason Reddick, after the Panthers rejected a trade including two first round picks, how far can Burns go as a Panther?"
777,nfl,,"[Ari Meirov] Another massive #Jets injury: G/T Alijah Vera-Tucker is out for the season with a triceps injury suffered on Sunday, per HC Robert Saleh. Gut-punch for the Jets."
778,nfl,,Von Miller Allegedly Spotted Gifting Cash to Instagram Model on Twitch
779,nfl,,[Cimini] Jets injury update: T Alijah Vera-Tucker (elbow) is done for the year. Torn triceps. Another crushing injury.
780,nfl,,New Football Blog looking at Drive Efficiency
781,nfl,,Anyone wanna teach me how to play?
782,nfl,"With the recent news of the bears moving to Arlington heights, what to you guys think they should name their stadium? I personally think they should call it TAMPAX field because the bears play like pussies.",Bears new stadium
783,nfl,"The oldest QB that's been actually good this year is 34 year old Kirk Cousins. Brady, Ryan, Wilson, Rodgers, and Stafford have shown sharp decline this year, and with the retirements of Rivers, Manning, Roethlisberger, and Brees over the last couple years, most QBs who were at the top of the league just a few years ago have been unseated by the new guard. It's a fascinating time to be an NFL fan.

Derek Carr is forever though.",The QB changing of the guard is happening quickly
784,nfl,Last year Wentz went on PMS and this year Matt Ryan. Both of them seriously underperformed and the team wants/had them gone. Philip Rivers didn’t go on PMS and he led the colts to the playoffs. Maybe Sam Ehlinger is the answer as long as he doesn’t go on PMS before his first start.,New Colts QBs who have gone on the Pat McAfee show before the season have had absolute terrible seasons.
785,nfl,,r/nfl reacts: Falcons trade Matt Ryan to the Colts for a 3rd round pick
786,nfl,,Justin Fields Hands Off Letters To His Family In Case He Doesn’t Make It Out Of Next Sack Alive
787,nfl,[removed],"[Cowherd] “My sources tell me that Jerry Jeudy is fast but immature, and Russell Wilson isn’t into him. The story this weekend, JJ’s on the trade block. And so is KJ Hamler. They’re fast &amp; talented, but there are concerns within the organization, Russell’s just not going to connect with these guys.”"
788,nfl,Referring to this thread: reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/y298s4/highlight_random_cough_sends_a_shiver_down_joe/,"Joe Burrow since being spooked by a cough: 781 Yards, 8 TDs, 0 Turnovers, 78% Completion rate, 132.1 Rating, 2 wins 0 losses"
789,nfl,How do I pick the team thing that is next to my username.,Help
790,nfl,,[Rosenblatt] Are we still not allowed to question Chris Ballard
791,nfl,,"[Cowherd] “My sources tell me that Jerry Jeudy is fast but immature, and Russell Wilson isn’t into him. The story this weekend, JJ’s on the trade block. And so is KJ Hamler. They’re fast &amp; talented, but there are concerns within the organization, Russell’s just not going to connect with these guys.”"
792,nfl,,"[McAfee] ""From a football standpoint Sam Ehlinger starting for the Colts makes sense"" ~@RapSheet"
793,nfl,,This thread is already fun to look back on
794,nfl,,"[Football Perspective] The 2022 Jets have won back-to-back games with 0 passing TDs and 105 or fewer passing yards in both games. The last team to do that? The 2009 Jets, who did it in the last two games of the season (vs. IND and CIN)."
795,nfl,,"[DiRocco] Jaguars coach Doug Pederson says RB James Robinson is dealing with knee soreness but is still a part of the offense: ""I've got a lot of confidence in James. We're going to continue to find ways to get him on the field. ... We are better when both those guys are playing."""
796,nfl,,"[Troy Renck] Hackett on any changes of play-calling duties or assignment changes. ""Right now we are going to keep it status quo on a short week. We held the ball, moved the ball, but didn't convert on third down. We will look at everything."""
797,nfl,,Source: NFL eyes refs seeking Mike Evans autograph
798,nfl,,"Against the Seahawks, Austin Ekeler recorded his 6th career game with 10+ receptions, tying LaDainian Tomlinson and Larry Centers for 2nd most 10+ reception games by a runningback. New 49ers RB Christian McCaffrey is 1st by a mile with 11 such games. McCaffrey did it 5 times in 2019 alone."
799,nfl,,[PFT] Has one retirement ever screwed up a franchise as much as Andrew Luck's retirement screwed up the Colts?
800,nfl,Both of these teams are shockingly 3-4 even though their QBs in Tom Brady and Aaron Rodgers were the top two NFL MVP vote-getters last season and their respective teams were the two top seeds last season in the NFC. Which one of these two teams have the higher chance of missing the postseason right now?,Which team is in more trouble in this season: Bucs or Packers?
801,nfl,,[Schefter] Sam Ehlinger will be the Colts’ seventh different starting QB under HC Frank Reich since 2018: 🏈Andrew Luck 🏈Jacoby Brissett 🏈Brian Hoyer 🏈Philip Rivers 🏈Carson Wentz 🏈Matt Ryan 🏈Sam Ehlinger
802,nfl,[removed],Am I crazy or is every single older quarterback in the league struggling this year?
803,nfl,[deleted],"[Rapoport] When the trade went down, Matt Ryan received a contract adjustment. Now, $24.7M this year is fully guaranteed and $12M was fully guaranteed in 2023, plus an additional $17.2M that is guaranteed for injury becomes fully guaranteed 3rd day of 2023 league year."
804,nfl,,"[Rapoport] When the trade went down, Matt Ryan received a contract adjustment. Now, $24.7M this year is fully guaranteed and $12M was fully guaranteed in 2023, plus an additional $17.2M that is guaranteed for injury becomes fully guaranteed 3rd day of 2023 league year."
805,nfl,,[Schefter] Colts’ HC Frank Reich on his team’s QB change: “Right now the move is for Sam to be the starter for the rest of the season.”
806,nfl,,"[Zak Keefer]: To clarify: the Colts are making the switch at QB regardless of Matt Ryan's injury. The plan, as of now, is for Sam Ehlinger to be the starting quarterback the rest of the season."
807,nfl,[removed],Is Antonio Brown still good enough to be a starting WR in the league? Can any team use him?
808,nfl,,Colts To Start Sam Ehlinger At Quarterback vs. Washington Commanders
809,nfl,"He won an MVP and lost a Super Bowl 28-3.  


Will he get in the Hall of Fame?","[Discussions] Now that Matt Ryan's career is basically over, will he be in the Hall of Fame?"
810,nfl,,"[Holder] Reich: ""I told this to Matt: We did not hold up to our end of the bargain... We have not delivered."""
811,nfl,,"[Yates] This change at QB is not temporary. Per Frank Reich: ""Right now the move is for Sam to be the starter for the rest of the season."""
812,nfl,"Trevor Lawrence famously said 4 weeks ago, “ you can’t deny we’re a really good football team” since then the Jags have gone 0-4. Including a loss to the Texans who were 0-3-1 at the time. 

Trey Lance might actually be the best of the bunch which is saying a lot. Yes he struggled but he’s made some big time throws where you say to yourself, maybe this kid can figure it out down the road.  but his pocket presence and ability to read progressions will need a vast improvement. 

Zach Wilson. He’s averaging 0.25 passing touchdowns a game while throwing for only 175 yards a game. He again has more interceptions than TDs. Why aren’t the Jets throwing a ton this year? The reason? Because Zach Wilson will hurt them not help them. 

Justin Fields. Do I need this fill this one out? It takes him over 3 seconds to get the ball out. Out of the 36 QBs who qualify for this stat, he’s 35. Who is 36? Zach Wilson at 3.13 seconds. 

Mac Jones. 2 TDs and 5 interceptions this year. 1-3 record. Looks lost when trying to stage a comeback, often throwing an interception. He gets the ball out at 2.77 seconds, in the same group as Carson Wentz, Mitchell Trubisky, Baker Mayfield, Jameis Winston. Play action would slow that time down but he ran play action only 10% of the time which is the least in the NFL. To sum it up, Mac Jones is overrated when it comes to being a pocket passer. Bailey Zappe had almost more passing yards in his second career start than Mac Jones has ever had. 

This begs the question, who is your most hyped prospect that fell very short of expectations?","With Trevor Lawrence, Trey Lance, Zach Wilson, Justin Fields, and Mac Jones struggling this year, what is your teams most hyped draft pick that fell very short of expectations in the last 25 years?"
813,nfl,,Defense and Rest Time
814,nfl,,[Erickson] Reich says the plan is for Ehlinger to be the starter the rest of the season.
815,nfl,,[Atkins] The plan for the Colts is to start Ehlinger the rest of the season.
816,nfl,,"[Ari Meirov] Stunner: The #Colts are benching Matt Ryan and will start Sam Ehlinger vs. the Commanders in Week 8, per HC Frank Reich."
817,nfl,[removed],Is Johnny Manziel Running an Autograph Ring?
818,nfl,"It’s just like the plot of A Knight’s Tale. She wants him to prove that winning is less important than her and when she finally sees him suck so much ass that everyone is talking crap, she will end the divorce proceedings and let him win again.  :)",Tom Brady is trying to save his marriage by losing games.
819,nfl,,[Keefer] Matt Ryan has a Grade 2 shoulder sprain and will not practice this week. Nick Foles will be QB2 Sunday.
820,nfl,,[Holder] Matt Ryan has a Grade 2 shoulder separation and will not practice or play vs Washington next week
821,nfl,"This is one of the most bizarre years in football in my opinion - outside of the Bills and Chiefs, it’s difficult to define who are good teams this year. Giants? Bengals? 49ers? Vikings? Ravens?

Maybe it’s just ‘a lot of bad football’ as Brady said but I was curious to see this community’s take - who do you have as your top 5? What teams may be overlooked or overrated? What the heck is going on with this years NFL?",“A lot of bad football” - who are the good teams in the NFL this year?
822,nfl,,"[Zachariason] Through seven weeks, Daniel Jones has more rushing yards than Najee Harris."
823,nfl,,"[Meirov] Stunner: The Colts are benching Matt Ryan and will start Sam Ehlinger vs. the Commanders in Week 8, per HC Frank Reich."
824,nfl,,"[Colts] Per Frank Reich, QB Sam Ehlinger will start in #WASvsIND."
825,nfl,,[Rapoport] Panthers interim coach Steve Wilks tells reporters that QB P.J. Walker will start Sunday even if the others are healthy. He has earned it.
826,nfl,,"[Chappell] Per source, Colts benching Matt Ryan, turning to Sam Ehlinger. Sam makes 1st career start Sunday vs. Washington. Nick Foles will be No. 2."
827,nfl,,"[Stainbrook] Browns are listening to offers on RB Kareem Hunt, per a league source."
828,nfl,,Inky Johnson was a projected first round draft pick going into his senior year of college. A one-in-a-million hit to his shoulder while playing against air force ended that dream.
829,nfl,,Analysis | What to know from NFL Week 7: Tom Brady and the Bucs are having a bad time
830,nfl,,[Riske] QBs with an accuracy rate &lt; 40% on throws of 10+ air yards from a clean pocket: Cooper Rush Russell Wilson Matthew Stafford Joe Flacco Baker Mayfield Trevor Lawrence
831,nfl,Hey guys it’s no argument that Tom Brady is having a sub par year for his standards. I know he’s 45 and at the tail end of his career. Do you think the reason for Tampa Bays average record is due to Tom Brady’s decline or due to his offense? Help me understand please!,Has Tom Brady declined or is the offense to blame?
832,nfl,,Us Bengals fans just aren't use to winning
833,nfl,"The past few years, it seems we have several dozen ACL injuries a season. Is it always this common? I know it's WAY different, but in high school I remember one ACL tear in my 4 years of playing, from my school or any school that I knew anything about. Is it just an unavoidable aspect of the NFL?",What's with all the ACLs?
834,nfl,,NFL investigates video of game official apparently seeking autograph from Mike Evans
835,nfl,,Brock Purdy made Mr. Irrelevant history with just one pass
836,nfl,,"For as much as Kyle Pitts gets mentioned, Pat Friermuth flys under the radar just as much for someone who is nearly equally as good at his position."
837,nfl,,[Rhodes] Not a single team in the NFC South is net positive in point differential this season. TB: 0 ATL: -8 CAR: -25 NO: -25
838,nfl,"Sports show keep talking about QBR 0-100. Wasn’t it 0-158.3? Is there another officially NFL recognized stat up to 100 only, or has it changed completely that I’m unaware of?",Did the metric for QBR change?
839,nfl,"The last interception Brady threw was in the 4th quarter in week 1 against the Dallas Cowboys. Since, he has put up interception-free games against the Saints, Packers, Chiefs, Falcons, Steelers, and Panthers.","Fact: Despite being age 45, Tom Brady has gone SIX consecutive games without throwing an interception, his longest regular season streak since going seven games in 2016-17"
840,nfl,,"[Rapoport] Tests have confirmed that #Jets RB Breece Hall did, in fact, tear his ACL as the team feared, source said after the MRI. He also had a meniscus injury. His promising rookie season is over."
841,nfl,,"[Pelissero] An MRI confirmed #Jets RB Bryce Hall suffered a torn ACL, per source."
842,nfl,,"[Schefter] Further testing revealed that Browns’ TE David Njoku suffered a high ankle sprain that will not require surgery but is expected to sideline him 2-5 weeks, per source."
843,nfl,,"[Pelissero] Broncos LB Baron Browning is expected to miss several weeks because of the hip injury he suffered in Sunday’s loss to the Jets, per source."
844,nfl,"New York Giants fans have had it rough for the past five years. I should know, I am one of them.

But not this year. The team is on the most unlikely run in the NFL, winning games that undoubtedly would have shown up in the L column over the past few seasons.

And fans are finally getting a taste of what Daniel Jones can do at QB. This must be what the ownership and prior general manager saw when they took Jones with the sixth overall pick in the 2019 draft. They saw the successor to Eli Manning.

We all know what happened in the years that followed. Heading into this year, the new regime declined to pick up the option on Jones’s contract for 2023. Who could blame them for giving pause? But now that decision is looking more costly every week, Andrew Beaton writes.

*“Every week of this season, that decision is looking costlier and costlier. But the Giants aren’t exactly upset about it. That’s because Jones is leading the NFL’s most shocking run of the year.*

*The Giants are 6-1 after yet another win, this time a 23-17 triumph over the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday. This one may have been Jones’s most impressive yet: He threw for more than 200 yards and ran for over 100—just the 29th such performance in the Super Bowl era.*

*It was a taste of what once made Jones an intriguing prospect. He can throw. He can run. And now he can go and get paid.*

One of the biggest contributors to this turnaround season has been the growth of Jones under center. And now the Giants have decisions to make. Beaton writes:

*How Jones plays over the rest of this season, and whether he keeps this up, could have enormous financial implications for him and the Giants. They could still retain him with the franchise tag, a one year deal that for quarterbacks last year cost nearly $30 million and is expected to rise next season. The alternative, if they want to keep him, would be trying to lock him up with a longer deal—an increasingly expensive proposition in the modern NFL.*

If you were the GM this offseason, what would you do?

\-mc

Get the full story, free with email registration: https://www.wsj.com/articles/daniel-jones-new-york-giants-contract-11666580413?mod=wsjreddit",The New York Giants Are Playing Great. Here’s the One Problem With That.
845,nfl,"I don’t know if this post will get taken, I think it will, but what I have to say is important so I’m gonna say it. The moderation here has gotten out of hand and is borderline fascist.

I get the desire to reduce spam, I do, but I’ve noticed that my posts and the posts of a lot of people on this sub I know are constantly getting taken down, and being called spam. And it’s not like we’re always trying to post fantasy-related stuff or power rankings, these are high quality posts that are being taken down, ones that often take 30+ min to make. 

Ultimately, the mods may run this sub, but we are it’s inhabitants, we have the power. It’s time we unite and demand clear and concise changes for this sub.",This Sub Has A Serious Over-Moderation Problem
846,nfl,"The first 16 game season in 1978 saw the Chicago Bears attempt 352 passes which is currently the lowest number of attempts since then.

The Tampa Bay Buccaneers completed 151 passes that same season, which is also the current lowest number since then.

Source: Stathead/PFR","Through 6 games, the Bears are on pace for 178 completions on 325 passing attempts. Both would be the lowest in a season since the NFL expanded the season to 16 games in 1978"
847,nfl,[removed],More hardcore fans QB support: Aaron Rodgers or Tim Tebow?
848,nfl,,"[Pelissero] My understanding is the plan for #Seahawks WR DK Metcalf is to rehab his knee injury -- which coach Pete Carroll referred to as a patellar tendon issue -- and see how the recovery goes. No timetable for his return yet. But no surgery as of now, which is obviously good news."
849,nfl,,Belfe2cupz on TikTok
850,nfl,[removed],Video y'all should watch
851,nfl,,"[Lombardi] Thought ""out-coaching"" part of KC blowout came through how Andy Reid used 49ers' pass-rushing aggressive against them (Hardman sweeps, McKinnon screen off Bosa chip) while Kyle Shanahan didn't consistently counter Spagnuolo's aggressiveness even with an elite screen weapon (CMC)"
852,nfl,,[NFL Rookie Watch] Sauce Gardner vs Broncos: 🔒50 coverage snaps 🔒10 targets 🔒3 pass breakups 🔒16 yards allowed It was a no-fly zone for the Jets rookie CB in Denver 👀
853,nfl,,"Dan Campbell: If you can't hold onto the football, you can't play for us"
854,nfl,,"[Groover] John Schneider crushed the 2022 NFL Draft for the Seahawks. Currently, Seattle would have the No. 5 overall pick in 2023 NFL Draft as well per @NFLResearch"
855,nfl,,[Jordan de Lugo] Is the nose of the ball not past the marker?
856,nfl,,[AroundTheNFL] Jets are first team since 2011 Tim Tebow-led Broncos to win consecutive games with 105 or fewer net passing yards
857,nfl,,Dalton Playing From The Neck Up | Kurt Warner Breaks Down The Tape | NFL Week 7 New Orleans Saints
858,nfl,,[CBS] Tom Brady Patriots rookie card sells for $2.4 million at auction
859,nfl,,"[Fowler] Giants OT Evan Neal is believed to have a grade 2 mcl sprain based on early tests, per source. The top-10 pick could miss some time but that’s to be determined."
860,nfl,,"[Pelissero] The NFL is reviewing the incident involving side judge Jeff Lamberth and line judge Tripp Sutter, I’m told. The NFL-NFLRA CBA specifically says game officials “shall not… ask players, coaches or any other team personnel for autographs or memorabilia.”"
861,nfl,,"[Kleiman] Scouts believe that #Colts QB Matt Ryan’s arm ""is shot"", according to @AlbertBreer Added: ""It definitely looks like he has to work harder to get the ball where he wants it to go."""
862,nfl,,"[Gayle] Lowest EPA per dropback averages among quarterbacks with 100+ dropbacks through Week 7: 31. Joe Flacco, 32. Davis Mills, 33. Zach Wilson, 34. Mitch Trubisky, 35. Baker Mayfield"
863,nfl,,An expert breaks down the film of Vikings left tackle Christian Darrisaw
864,nfl,,[CBS Sports] Most 100-yard rushing games over last 3 seasons: Derrick Henry* 18 Nick Chubb 15 Jonathan Taylor 14 Dalvin Cook 12 *missed 9 games in 2021
865,nfl,,"Ladies and gentlemen, we’ve seen the butt fumble, the butt punt, and now we have the butt field goal. York’s field goal was blocked not by the Ravens but by his snapper 🤦"
866,nfl,"Maybe this exists somewhere and I’m not coming up with the correct terminology to Google it… 

Is there a site or document that stays updated, showing you what draft picks each team has for the upcoming years? For example, it would show Carolina as: 

2023 1st round 
2023 2nd round 
2023 2nd round (via 49ers)
2023 3rd round (via 49ers)
2023 4th round 
2023 4th round (via 49ers) 
2023 5th round 
2023 5th round (via 49ers)
2023 6th round 
2023 7th round 
2024 1st round 
2024 2nd round 
2024 3rd round 
2024 5th round (via Titans)
2024 5th round (via 49ers)
2024 6th round (via Cardinals)
Etc…

That breakdown, but for every team and updated regularly… does that exist anywhere?",List of UPCOMING draft picks for each NFL Team?
867,nfl,,[NFL Research] Highest QB win percentage including playoffs since 2019 (minimum 10 starts): 1. Patrick Mahomes (.790). 2. Aaron Rodgers (.733). 3. Patrick Mahomes in games his team trailed by 10+ points (.706). 4. Tom Brady (.698).
868,nfl,,[Graff] The Lions' defense is next-level bad.
869,nfl,,"[Fann] Just 5/16 NFC teams (31.2%) have a winning record: Eagles, Giants, Vikings, Cowboys, Seahawks - The conference is awful."
870,nfl,Why is Daniel Jones not a MVP candidate. Without him the Giants are 1-6 and the same old franchise. What exactly has Jalen Hurts or Kirk Cousins been doing that Jones hasn’t with less talent?,Daniel Jones MVP Candidate
871,nfl,,Could Nathaniel Hackett be out after Sunday's game in London?
872,nfl,,"[Kleiman] The #Rams offered to trade RB Cam Akers to the #Panthers for RB Christian McCaffery. Their final offer to Carolina was: 2nd and 3rd in the 2023 Draft, 4th and 5th in the 2024 Draft, and RB Cam Akers. The Panthers took the #49ers offer instead."
873,nfl,,[Marino] 14 NFL teams (44 percent of the league) are currently averaging 1 or fewer passing TDs per game.
874,nfl,[removed],The Jaguars are 2-5 with a scoring differential of +18
875,nfl,"It feels like most of the games in prime time have been kinda boring or low scoring, and it feels mostly due too offensive ineptitude rather then great defense at times. What is going on with this?",What going on with all the “bad football”
876,nfl,,[Walder] Daniel Jones recorded a QBR of 87.1 today. He now has the 6th-best QBR this season with a 62.6.
877,nfl,,NFL Referees Spotted Asking Mike Evans For His Autograph After The Game
878,nfl,"I'm a relatively new NFL fan, but I've been wondering, how do fans feel when teams move cities? 

Do people in Oakland still support the Raiders?

Do people in Los Angeles think of the Rams and Chargers as **theirs**?

Or does this just not matter to many people?

I've personally always picked my teams based on cities since I was very young, so that's why I always found it bizarre how many shifts there are in team locations, but I live in Mexico so every NFL fan here doesn't really care where each team is from, they're all foreign to them.",[Question] How do fans feel when a team moves?
879,nfl,,"[Raanan] Daniel Jones is sixth in the NFL in QBR this season at 62.6. Patrick Mahomes, Josh Allen, Tua, Geno Smith Lamar Jackson and Daniel Jones. He’s also led four fourth-quarter comebacks. Making himself some money."
880,nfl,We’re going to have all kinds of options at QB next year. What’s the best option if Geno continues to play this well?,What does Seattle do if Geno plays this way all year?
881,nfl,,"[Rosenblatt] Sauce Gardner was targeted 10 times (bold strategy) against the Broncos, per PFF. - 4 catches - 16 yards - 3 PBUs - 47.9 QB rating #Jets"
882,nfl,,Which team has the best uniform this season?
883,nfl,,[Highlight] Laken Tomlinson (#78) does nothing
884,nfl,,[Highlight] Laken’s controller ran outta battery on this one
885,nfl,"Currently the trio is on pace for: 

Ja'marr - 1382 

Tee - 1105 

TB - 1105



There hasn't been a 1K yard trio since the 2008 Cardinals.",Bengals on pace to have three receivers with 1k receiving yards
886,nfl,,[Ochoa] Mike McCarthy wins with Cooper Rush at quarterback this season: 4. Matt LaFleur wins with Aaron Rodgers at quarterback this season: 3.
887,nfl,"After watching TB get stuffed constantly on runs I was curious to see how bad their rushing offense is. 

They're currently the worst rushing offense in terms of epa/play by a considerable margin. They're \~40% worse than the next worst team (Colts). ([source](https://rbsdm.com/stats/stats/))

The worst rushing offenses of the past \~10 years (epa/play)

&amp;#x200B;

|Year|Team|Rush Offense (epa/play)|
|:-|:-|:-|
|2022|Buccaneers|\-0.292|
|2017|Lions|\-0.278|
|2019|Dolphins|\-0.268|
|2013|Ravens|\-0.263|
|2014|Raiders|\-0.259|
|2019|Steelers|\-0.258|
|2015|Jaguars|\-0.255|
|2016|Vikings|\-0.25|
|2012|Cardinals|\-0.239|
|2013|Giants|\-0.235|

Some other notable numbers

PFF has their team run blocking grade at 14th in the league. Not great but certainly not bad.

Their run block win rate per ESPN is 19th. Again not great but not horrible.

I have to imagine at this point it's something to do with the run blocking scheme? their RB Leonard Fournette is 42nd in rushing grade per PFF, but even RBs lower than him in grade have higher y/a other than Najee Harris, Cam Akers, and Chase Edmonds.",2022 Buccaneers are the worst rushing offense in the past 10+ years
888,nfl,,[Timo Riske] Joe Lombardi: stick stick stick
889,nfl,,"During the Chargers - Seahawks game yesterday, Justin Herbert threw a forward pass which was deflected back far behind the line of scrimmage, and then caught his own deflected pass for -8 yards. Has there ever been a play like this that went for more negative yards?"
890,nfl,"We've seen the numbers on the Steelers W-L with and without Watt in the lineup (by now, the Steelers are 52-22-2 when Watt plays at least half of the game, compared to 1-10 when he does not). The Steelers' pass rushing success with/without Watt is remarkable.

In week 1, with Watt in the lineup, the Steelers had 7 sacks against the Bengals, but in the 6 games since, the Steelers have collected just 5 sacks total. That ranks dead last, comfortably, among all NFL teams since week 2. Here are team sack totals since week 2 this season:

Cowboys - 27

49ers - 22

Broncos - 20

Buccaneers - 18

Ravens - 17

Washington - 17

Chiefs - 16

Eagles - 16**

Seahawks 15

Patriots - 14**

Colts - 14

Packers - 14

Jets - 13

Vikings - 13**

Bills - 12**

Dolphins - 12

Giants - 12

Giants - 12

Bengals - 11

Titans - 11**

Cardinals - 11

Chargers - 11

Rams - 10**

Browns 10

Texans - 10**

Jags - 10

Panthers - 9

Raiders - 9**

Bears - 9**

Lions - 8**

**Steelers - 5**

**denotes teams that have only played 5 games since week 2.","Since drafting TJ Watt in 2017, the Steelers have ranked 1st, 1st, 1st, 1st, and 1st in sacks. Since week 2, with Watt out of the lineup, the Steelers rank 32nd in sacks, by a safe margin."
891,nfl,,[Dator] The Jets need to capitalize on their moment and accept their Zach Wilson mistake
892,nfl,"who's unexpected hot start do you believe in, and who's do you think is fake? (giants, Seahawks, jets, vikings)

and which preseason favorite, slow start team will bounce back, and which slow start team is doomed for a mediocre to bad season? (rams, 49ers, bucs, packers, chargers, raiders, colts(?))","7 games into the season, believer or non-believer in these surprising/disappointing teams?"
893,nfl,,"[NFLonCBS] For the 7th straight week, Sauce Gardner has a pass defended. The ONLY player in the NFL with a pass defended every week this season."
894,nfl,"Every team in the NFC East has a winning record while playing teams outside of the division and the Eagles and Giants are both undefeated in non divisional matchups with a 4 - 0 and 6 - 0 record respectively. The Cowboys only loss to a team outside the division came on week 1 to the Bucs. Since then that week the only losses the Cowboys, Giants, and Eagles have suffered have been to each other (though the Eagles remain undefeated).","The NFC East is a collective 16 - 3 when playing teams from outside their division. Eagles, Giants, and Cowboys are a collective 15 - 1 excluding games between them."
895,nfl,,[Schefter] RB Marlon Mack flew from San Francisco to Denver last night so he could sign from the 49ers’ practice squad to the Broncos’ active roster and then fly to London today with his new team to play the Jaguars on Sunday.
896,nfl,The NFC East now has a 16-3 record against opponents outside of their division on the season (84%).  The next closest is the AFC East at only a 9-6 record (60%).,NFC BEast
897,nfl,"It's Monday.  Your team won, yay!!   Oh, they lost?  [WTF, they tied?!?](https://i.imgflip.com/1wap6l.jpg) That's terrible.  You know what would help?  Pictures with humorous words added!

We know you have a meme you are dying to show off, put in this thread.

[Message The Moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl)

As always, be civil and report anything that breaks the rules.","Meme Monday - October 24, 2022"
898,nfl,"Welcome to today's open thread, where /r/nfl users can discuss anything they wish not related directly to the NFL.

Want to talk about personal life? Cool things about your fandom? Whatever happens to be dominating today's news cycle? Do you have something to talk about that didn't warrant its own thread? This is the place for it!

---

Remember, that there are other subreddits that may be a good fit for what you want to post - every day all day!

* /r/NFLFandom for showing off your fandom
* /r/NFL_Draft for talking in depth about the draft
* /r/NFLNoobs for noob questions, no judgement
* /r/nflblogs for posting blog posts - including your own
* /r/nflofftopic for talking about anything with NFL fans
* /r/nfffffffluuuuuuuuuuuu for all kinds of humor posts
* /r/nflcirclejerk for when /r/NFL just becomes too much
* ... and more - see the sidebar!",Weekend Wrapup
899,nfl,"Hello /r/nfl and welcome to the Booth Review.

Now that you've had the night to digest yesterday's games let's take a look under the hood and review. Please post all thoughts/opinions/analyses here regarding to the X's and O's, strategy discussion, scheming, etc. We'd like every comment to have some thought behind it and low effort comments/memes/etc. will be removed. Comments aren't required to be long write-ups or full game breakdowns, but any thoughtful takeaway from each game are welcome.","Booth Review (Week 7, Sunday games)"
900,nfl,"Herbert is one of my favorite players in the NFL, but he has not looked great since the injury. However, a lot of factors seem to be working against him right now. His injury, injuries to Keenan Allen, Rashawn Slater, and Jalen Guyton, and a seemingly poor play caller in Joe Lombardi all appear to be holding him back. 

Let's hope he can get back to the Justin Herbert we saw the last two seasons because when he's playing well he's extremely fun to watch.","Justin Herbert in the 5 games since he suffered the rib injury in week 2: 144/226 for 1396 yards (6.2 yards per pass), 6 TD, 3 INT, and an 84.2 passer rating."
901,nfl,,[Marino] 14 NFL teams (44 percent of the league) are currently averaging 1 or fewer passing TDs per game.
902,nfl,,Most shocking celebrity breakups
903,nfl,,Tom Brady farewell tour is turning into a train wreck for Tampa Bay Buccaneers | Opinion
904,nfl,"As the question poses. 

He will no longer have the distinction of no losing years. 

Potentially missing postseason

One of his worst years statistically 

He also lost again to Mahomes in the regular season. Heis 1-3 against him in regular season.

Will he still be the GOAT or is the door open for Allen or Mahomes to overtake that mantle?",How Would a Losing Season Affect Tom Brady's Legacy?
905,nfl,"In 2011:

The Giants went into November 5-2, ended the season 9-7 and won the Super Bowl.

The Jets went into November 4-3, ended the season 8-8 and missed the playoffs.",The Jets (5-2) and the Giants (6-1) are both guaranteed to head into November with a winning record. The last time they accomplished this together was 2011.
906,nfl,"The Jets started 5-2 in 2010 as well and would go on to finish the season 11-5. This was their last playoff appearance to date.

RIP Breece Hall though, wish I could donate my ACL. :(","The New York Jets are 5-2, their best start since the 2010 season when they started 9-2 and would go on to make the AFC Championship game."
907,nfl,,[Meinke] The clock is ticking on Jared Goff in Detroit
908,nfl,"Hello,

It's a thing in some circles to call an ordering of prospects/scouting profiles of draft candidates/minor league players THE BOARD (in all caps).

I understand this practice dates back to the very first NFL Draft in 1936 when the said phrase with said capitalization was written on a chalk board. Does anyone know where I can get an pic of this? Even if I got the details wrong, I'd still like a shot of THE BOARD written in chalk; I hope I didn't imagine that.

Thanks for reading.",1936 NFL Draft; THE BOARD
909,nfl,"Largest leads

Titans-1

Panthers-6

Cowboys-0

Bears-8

Packers-7

Ravens-4

Jaguars-7","Despite their 6-1 record, the Giants have not had a two possession lead at any point this season"
910,nfl,,Russell Wilson trade could prove to be biggest fleecing of an organization in modern sports history
911,nfl,,"[OC] [Highlight] Doug Pederson’s logic yesterday of not challenging an obvious 1st down because “in the worst case scenario, it’s just 3rd and 1,” is ridiculously stupid, especially since he used that same logic in week 4 against the Eagles, and it also backfired on him"
912,nfl,,"On March 16, 2022, the Seahawks traded Russel Wilson and a fourth-round pick to the Denver Broncos in exchange for two first-round picks, two second-round picks, a fifth-round pick, quarterback Drew Lock, defensive lineman Shelby Harris, and tight end Noah Fant."
913,nfl,,*cheers in Detroit Lions*
914,nfl,,"[Rosenblatt] Quinnen Williams had 5 more pressures vs the Broncos, giving him 29 on the season. That's 5th overall and 1st among DTs."
915,nfl,,"Put away your tinfoil hats. Yes, the NFL did review Jared Goff’s first pick."
916,nfl,The nfl summaries on there youtube channel are fine but the thumbnails always spoil the results for me (honestly the thumbnails are so annoyingly terrible). Since i am in a differenr timezone now i would like to watch spoiler free summaries. Is there a way to do that?,Spoiler free summaries please?
917,nfl,,"[Chris Harris] “The toughest dude ever. Ben Jones, absolutely spent after the game today. Mike Vrabel knows his Center played through some stuff to finish the game. Great video here by our guy Zach Tucker. #Titans ”"
918,nfl,You’ll never see Mahomes in one of those.,Saw Josh Allen in a shaving commercial.
919,nfl,,[Yates] The Chiefs WRs STEPPED UP on Sunday: * 299 scrimmage yards and 5 TD * Mecole Hardman became the first WR in the Super Bowl era with 2 rush TD and a receiving TD in the same game * JuJu and MVS became the first Chiefs WRs to both go over 100 receiving yards in a game since 2000
920,nfl,,"Hey everyone. I’m new to the NFL and I was watching Chiefs and 49ers game and I wanted to know what these stats mean. I noticed it’s only for the QB. If this isn’t the right subreddit to ask such questions, please direct me to right one. It would be appreciated 💯"
921,nfl,,Does Packers latest loss put Matt LaFleur on the hot seat?
922,nfl,,[Brown] Tampon Bay. Tom Booty. Ya dig
923,nfl,,"[NFL on CBS] Daniel Jones INT/Attempt pct season by season: 2019 2.6%, 2020 2.2%, 2021 1.9%, 2022 1.1% (t-2nd in NFL)"
924,nfl,,Dallas marching down the field on Green Bay
925,nfl,,[Highlight] Davante Adams had to double check if the path was really clear this time when leaving the field
926,nfl,,[Orlovsky] There’s no way you can convince me the Steelers run more than 10 plays a game…
927,nfl,,[Highlight] Mike Evans signing autographs for the refs post game
928,nfl,,"Cowboys' Jourdan Lewis suffered Lisfranc injury, sources say"
929,nfl,,Thursday Night Football Odds See Bucs as 1.5-Point Favorites vs Ravens
930,nfl,,[Fillipponi] Anonymous Former Steelers quarterback: “To call this a high school offense would be demeaning to high school football.”
931,nfl,"Both seasons had tough starts to the schedule. 2021 saw losses to the Ravens, Bills, Chargers, Titans.... while 2022 saw losses to Bills and Colts. With a win against the Chargers. In the last two seasons the Chiefs have only lost two games after week 7 (one in each season and backups were playing in a meaningless wk 17 game for one). The Chiefs head into the bye week after playing 4 of their first 7 on the road, and come out playing 3 of their next 4 at home.","Patrick Mahomes and the Chiefs in 2021 first 7 games(with Hill) 3-4 record, 2093 passing yards, 18TD/9INT, 67%cmp - First 7 in 2022 (No Hill) 5-2 record, 2159 passing yards, 20TD/5INT, 67%cmp."
932,nfl,Thank you in advance for the replies!,Is there any way to watch the games for free when you are not in the USA?
933,nfl,Add me on snap @Aellae_k for spicy pics,Add me on snap @Aellae_k for spicy pics
934,nfl,"Hi
I live in England so my nfl knowledge isn’t the best but I’ve seen Micheal Turks hang time YouTube channel…

Has he been drafted into nfl or will he be drafted into nfl? 

Thanks",Micheal Turk: will he be drafted?
935,nfl,,Lions' Jamaal Williams hits referee making penalty call in head with ball
936,nfl,[removed],David Bakhtiari needs to retire
937,nfl,The Niners had a great start early on Jimmy's career but the league has figured him out and our offense is really stale and predictable with him,"Since the start of 2020, the 49ers are 16-13 in games started by Jimmy Garoppolo. He has thrown 38 TDs, 24 INTs and 13 fumbles (incl. Playoffs)"
938,nfl,"...boo everytime the tight end for Pittsburg (#88, not sure of the name) made a catch? I watched a highlight reel of the Dolphins/Steelers game, and I could swear I heard the crowd boo everytime that guy made a catch. Was he a former Steeler or something?",Why did the fans at Miami...?
939,nfl,,"[Wright] After 7 weeks of football, the Chiefs who allegedly had the NFL’s worst offseason, are 5-2 and are the highest scoring team in the league. And the Broncos, who allegedly had the NFL’s best offseason, are 2-5 and are the lowest scoring team in the league."
940,nfl,,Tanya Snyder conjures banished nickname as Washington Commanders fans demand: 'sell the team'
941,nfl,[removed],welp rodgers warned ole gutey
942,nfl,,"[Mason] The Seahawks, Bengals, Chiefs and Raiders each scored more points Sunday than the Broncos have scored in the entire month of October (34 points over three games)."
943,nfl,I was about to go to bed but I have a cold and realized the pick the cowboys used to draft Micah parsons originally belonged to the 49ers but they traded up to 3 to draft lance. Warner Bosa and parsons would be unfair thank god.,the 49ers could have stayed at 12 and drafted Micah parsons instead of trey lance and kept their next two first round picks
944,nfl,"
https://web.archive.org/web/20151028014308/http://www.detroitlions.com/news/lions-insider-short/article-1/TWENTYMAN-Lions-reorganize-offensive-staff/e43f2473-06f7-44ea-a574-a4f41c520bac

Link above. Fun fact: during Lombardi’s run that season, the Lions were 29th in points scored, dead last in rushing, and 20th in overall offense. 

Also random note - This would be Cavin Johnson’s last season in the NFL.


and yes I am a salty Chargers fan.",The last time Joe Lombardi was an OC was with the Lions in 2015; he was canned after a 1-6 start.
945,nfl,[removed],TIL the last time Joe Lambardi was an offensive coordinator was the 2015 season. He was fired after a 1-6 start.
946,nfl,"In theory, if a team finished the season with a record of, say, 2-2-13, would they make the playoffs with only 2 losses?",Question about ties
947,nfl,,[Schaffer] John Harbaugh said the Ravens have worked on this play for a month.
948,nfl,,"[Anavarathan] Kyle Shanahan, Matt LaFleur and Sean McVay: 9-11. Mike McDaniel, Robert Saleh and Kevin O’Connell: 14-6"
949,nfl,,"[Pryor] Claypool: ""I just think we need more go balls. Like, damn, not enough go balls. We got playmakers. I haven't had a go ball all year. George needs more, (Diontae) needs more. I'm not saying that's on the playcalling, I'm just saying we need to try to find a way to scheme it up."""
950,nfl,,"[Brooke Pryor] Claypool: ""I just think we need more go balls. Like, damn, not enough go balls. We got playmakers. I haven't had a go ball all year. George needs more, (Diontae) needs more. I'm not saying that's on the playcalling, I'm just saying we need to try to find a way to scheme it up."""
951,nfl,"The man has proven he can win on big stages and be creative. A lot of “contenders” are struggling, and coaching has a huge role in that.",Which struggling team would benefit the most to adding Sean Payton to their coaching staff or as a head coach?
952,nfl,,[CBS] Lions sacks this season: Aidan Hutchinson 4.5; Everyone else 4.5
953,nfl,,[Cathcart] “Did you talk to Flores? “ Tua: “Nope.”
954,nfl,,"[Brandon] Miami #Dolphins QB Tua Tagovailoa is asked after the game if he spoke with former Dolphins HC Brian Flores: ""Nope,"" Tagovailoa said."
955,nfl,,"[Pryor] Asked Chase Claypool if this offense is close to putting it together: Claypool: ""I mean, I feel like I've heard that every week, you know? How close are we? I think it's too late in the season to be close to anything. I think if we're close, we have to get there next week."""
956,nfl,,"[Cathart] Did you talk to Flores? ""Nope.""- Tua"
957,nfl,,"[Cathcart] question to tua post game: did you talk to your former coach? ""Nope"""
958,nfl,,"[Cathcart] question to Tua post game: Did you talk to Flores? ""Nope"""
959,nfl,,[Dan Orlovsky] If the @chargers don’t stop asking Herbert to play cautious/timid/scared football they’re gonna self inflict a regression - Pep and Steichen had him playing AGGRESSIVE now they are asking him to play risk averse way way way too much
960,nfl,,"[Darlington] Mike McDaniel on going for it on fourth down rather than kick a field goal: “That’s something I take full responsibility for… luckily, we came out with the win.” …He says he was NOT advised to go for it based on analytics. He did it based on own situational feeling &amp; instinct."
961,nfl,,"[Louis-Jacques] ""Coach, I’m sorry — I needed that.” Tua to Mike McDaniel after lowering his shoulder into Devin Bush in the first half"
962,nfl,,[Dubow] #49ers allowed 26.1 yards per play on 3rd down today when Mahomes was on the field
963,nfl,[removed],Is it weird to root for 2 teams?
964,nfl,[deleted],[Furones] Did Tua interact with Brian Flores at all tonight? Tua: “No.”
965,nfl,,"[Josh Rowntree] Tomlin says that game came down to Miami’s defense holding onto interceptions, and his defense not."
966,nfl,,[NFL Research] Highest QB win percentage including playoffs since 2019 (minimum 10 starts): 1. Patrick Mahomes (.790) 2. Aaron Rodgers (.733) 3. Patrick Mahomes in games his team trailed by 10+ points (.706) 4. Tom Brady (.698)
967,nfl,"I know there can only be 11 men on the field, 11 in the huddle for offense, 11 when ball is snapped for defense, and about illegal formation, etc. Is there a rull that if a person can get off the field MIDPLAY and a player down the field jumps into the play?",Too many men on the field?
968,nfl,,"[Meirov] Tua on some of his aggressive plays tonight: ""I came to the sideline after some of those plays. Those are things I shouldn't be doing."""
969,nfl,,[Morley] Rodgers pass chart
970,nfl,,"[Kollmann] This is insane. Demarcus Lawrence split the double, disrupted the puller on G-Lead, stoned the tight end (playing fullback), and then finally forced the fumble on the goal line. All in one play. When it comes to DL highlights, this is like hitting for the cycle in one at bat."
971,nfl,"[Pittsburgh Steelers](/r/steelers#away) [at](#at) [Miami Dolphins](/r/miamidolphins#home)
[](/# ""GT-PRIMETIME"")


----

* Hard Rock Stadium
* Miami Gardens, Florida

----

######[](#start-box-score)

| | | | | | |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |  :-- |
|      |**First**|**Second**|**Third**|**Fourth**| **Final** |
|**Dolphins**| 13 | 3 | 0 | 0 | 16 |
|**Steelers**| 0 | 10 | 0 | 0 | 10 |

######[](#end-box-score)

----

* General information
* 

----

| | |
| :-- | --: |
| **Coverage** | **Odds** |
| NBC, Universo | Miami -7.0 O/U 44.5 |

 



----







----

* Game Stats  
* 

----

| | | | | | |
| :-- | :--: | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| **Passing** |  | **Cmp/Att** | **Yds** | **Tds** | **Ints** |
| T.Tagovailoa | [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | 21/35 | 261 | 1 | 0 |
| **Rushing** |  | **Car** | **Yds** | **Lng** | **Tds** |
| N.Harris | [*PIT*](/r/steelers) | 17 | 65 | 16 | 0 |
| D.Johnson | [*PIT*](/r/steelers) | 1 | 3 | 3 | 0 |
| R.Mostert | [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | 16 | 79 | 12 | 0 |
| C.Edmonds | [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | 7 | 17 | 9 | 0 |
| T.Tagovailoa | [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | 4 | 15 | 7 | 0 |
| **Receiving** |  | **Rec** | **Yds** | **Lng** | **Tds** |
| P.Freiermuth | [*PIT*](/r/steelers) | 8 | 75 | 21 | 0 |
| D.Johnson | [*PIT*](/r/steelers) | 5 | 42 | 14 | 0 |
| C.Claypool | [*PIT*](/r/steelers) | 5 | 41 | 12 | 0 |
| N.Harris | [*PIT*](/r/steelers) | 3 | 15 | 12 | 0 |
| J.Waddle | [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | 4 | 88 | 25 | 0 |
| T.Hill | [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | 7 | 72 | 21 | 0 |
| T.Sherfield | [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | 3 | 44 | 32 | 0 |
| R.Mostert | [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | 4 | 30 | 18 | 1 |







----

* Scoring Summary 
* 

----

| | | | |
| :--: | :--: | :-- | :-- |
| **Team** | **Q** | **Type** | **Drive** |
| [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | Q1 | TD | R.Mostert 8 yd. pass from T.Tagovailoa (J.Sanders kick) (9-71, 4:15) |
| [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | Q1 | FG | J.Sanders 24 yd. Field Goal (8-59, 3:59) |
| [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | Q1 | FG | J.Sanders 42 yd. Field Goal (7-30, 2:12) |
| [*PIT*](/r/steelers) | Q2 | FG | C.Boswell 45 yd. Field Goal (12-48, 5:43) |
| [*PIT*](/r/steelers) | Q2 | TD | G.Pickens 7 yd. pass from K.Pickett (C.Boswell kick) (13-86, 7:29) |
| [*MIA*](/r/miamidolphins) | Q2 | FG | J.Sanders 47 yd. Field Goal (8-56, 1:48) |

----

* Thread Notes
* [Message The Moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnfl)

----

| |
| :-- | 
| Discuss whatever you wish. You can trash talk, but keep it civil. |
| If you are experiencing problems with comment sorting in the official reddit app, we suggest using a third-party client instead ([Android](/r/Android/comments/7ctdf4/lets_settle_this_randroid_what_is_the_best_reddit/), [iOS](/r/ios/comments/68odw1/what_is_the_best_reddit_app_for_ios/)) |
| Turning comment sort to ['new'](?sort=new) will help you see the newest comments. |
| Try [Tab Auto Refresh](https://mybrowseraddon.com/tab-auto-refresh.html) to auto-refresh this tab. |
| Use [reddit-stream.com](http://reddit-stream.com/comments/) to get an autorefreshing version of this page |
| Check in on the r/nfl chat: **##rnfl** on Libera ([open in browser](https://web.libera.chat/?channels=##rnfl)). |
| Show your team affiliation - pick your team's logo in the sidebar. |",Post Game Thread: Pittsburgh Steelers (2-5) at Miami Dolphins (4-3)
972,nfl,[removed],Anyone notice how the NFL app has been way more in your face about NFL+ this season?
973,nfl,,[Highlights] Pickett’s 3rd INT seals the game
974,nfl,,[Bellinger] Wow! (Devin Lloyd poking Daniel Bellinger’s eye)
975,nfl,"Before 1990 there were 2 Wild Card teams but they played each other in the first round so they could not meet in a conference championship. Since 1990 there have either been 2 or 3 Wild Card teams on opposite ends of the bracket who could meet for a conference championship, but they never have. Only 8 Wild Card teams have made the Super Bowl since 1990 and all of them beat a division winner to win their conference championship. Thought it was interesting since a Wild Card vs. Wild Card LCS happened in baseball this year, the first year it was possible.","Since 1990, it has been possible for two Wild Card teams to play each other in a conference championship game. However, a Wild Card vs. Wild Card conference championship has never happened."
976,nfl,,[Highlight] Pickett to Holland again for his 2nd INT!
977,nfl,,"'No one feels good about where we’re at': Tom Brady, Buccaneers fall to Panthers, drop to 3-4"
978,nfl,It’d speed up the game and allow for more less boring plays. It would also force teams to get more creative when they’re trying to burn the clock and kneeling wouldn’t count for as much time. Curious other peoples thoughts,If a play results in a run for 5 yards or less there should only be a 20 second play clock
979,nfl,,Cowboys Veteran Projected to Land ‘Major’ $20 Million Payday
980,nfl,,"[Seahawks] Kenneth Walker III reached 22.09 MPH on his second TD run, fastest ball carrier speed in the NFL this season"
981,nfl,,"[Dr David Chao] Brandon Jones @MiamiDolphins safety ruled out with knee injury. By video, fear left knee ACL tear. 🙏"
982,nfl,,Pete Carrol calming Geno Smith after a questionable call by the Refs is one of my favorite things this season
983,nfl,,"Broncos' Pat Surtain II, Jets' Sauce Gardner are CBs every NFL defense hopes for"
984,nfl,,"[Football Zebras] Look, we are all football fans. But autograph seeking, even if in the tunnel, cannot be tolerated. SJ Jeff Lamberth (21st season) and LJ Tripp Sutter (4) know better. This may be the last season for Lamberth, but that's no excuse to cross a line like this"
985,nfl,"The front office said this wasn't a rebuild and they were instead ""retooling"" and expecting a quick turnaround.

Dan Campbell, with a worse start than Patricia had, is not trending in the right direction.

It's clear the MCDC experiment is a failure. Rip the bandaid off and fire him after the season is over.

Go big for a proven successful coach like Sean Payton or Jim Harbaugh.

Draft Will Anderson at number 1 overall. Draft Anthony Richardson at 16 with the Rams pick, let him sit for a year under Goff and learn from his HoF coach who used to be a QB.

Actual timeline: keep Dan Campbell another year because the Ford family is cheap and we're dumb enough to sign him to a 6-year contract.","Over the first 23 games in their HC career: Matt Patricia (9-13-1), Dan Campbell (4-18-1)"
986,nfl,"Everytime he stops talking my inner monologue says, ""Shut the fuck up Collinsworth"". 

Not pandering, I truly can't comprehend anyone liking him... Maybe Bengals fans and pedophiles.","Be honest, do any of you like Collinsworth?"
987,nfl,[removed],Prime time games sure have sucked this year
988,nfl,"I've been thinking - it appears that, in fact, the Seahawks have a better offense than expected, and the Broncos have a worse offense than expected. I know, I know, it must have taken a lot of research to notice, but it's true.","The Broncos have only scored 17+ points one time this season. Meanwhile, the Seahawks have failed to score 17 points only one time this season."
989,nfl,,Can You Beat FiveThirtyEight’s NFL Forecasts?
990,nfl,,"[Next Gen Stats] Kenneth Walker reached a top speed of 22.09 mph on his 74-yard TD run, the fastest speed reached by a ball carrier this season."
991,nfl,,"[Highlight] After starting the play from the opposite edge, fifth overall pick Kayvon Thibodeaux shows incredible top speed to run down Etienne."
992,nfl,,Fifth overall pick Kayvon Thibodeaux shows incredible top speed and runs down Etienne after starting the play from the opposite edge.
993,nfl,"I swear every team that loses I’ve gone into their threads and seen something along the lines of “Brian Daboll is winning with an awful giants roster why aren’t we.” 

It truly is incredible what he’s managed to accomplish so quickly. So that brings me to the question. How many coaches are going to be fired because Brian Daboll is winning?",How Many Coaches Will Brian Daboll Get Fired?
994,nfl,,"[Zac Stevens] The Steelers, with a rookie quarterback and on the road, have scored more points in the first half (10) than the Broncos scored at home with their backup quarterback the entire game (9)."
995,nfl,,"[Daniel Popper] Mike Williams told me in the locker room that he has a sprained right ankle. MRI and other tests tomorrow to determine the full severity/specifics. “I’m gonna be back,” Williams said."
996,nfl,,"Kenny Franchise to NFL Youngboy for the TD, the first of many"
997,nfl,,"[Bell] Seattle S Ryan Neal said players-only meetings to go over defense’s responsibilities led by Quandre Diggs, Jordyn Brooks, Al Woods 2 weeks ago, before throttling Arizona Cardinals, have keyed this revival by the Seahawks defense."
998,nfl,,Mahomes without his #1 WR and Rodgers without his #1 WR
999,nfl,"Let me define a placeholder as someone who: A) likely won't be the starter after this or the next season, B) isn't viewed as a ""franchise QB"", C) has been, or is usually, a backup QB.",Who has been the best placeholder QB so far this season?
